BLOG-ENTRY-TITLE <> TRAINING-TEST-DATA <> CLASS-LABEL
We're playing you <> We're playing you.Yes, we need guns so we can ethnically cleanseBaghdadGive us guns  and troops can go, says Iraqi leaderStephen Farrell in BaghdadAmericas refusal to give Baghdads security forces sufficient guns and equipment has cost a great number of lives, the Iraqi Prime Minister said yesterday.Nouri al-Maliki said the insurgency had been bloodier and prolonged because Washington had refused to part with equipment. If it released the necessary arms, US forces could drastically cut their numbers in three to six months, he told The Times.In a sign of the tense relations with Washington, he chided the US for suggesting his Government was living on borrowed time. Such criticism boosted Iraqs extremists, he said, and was more a reflection of some kind of crisis situation in Washington after the Republicans midterm election losses. Mr al-Maliki conceded that his administration had made mistakes over the hanging of Saddam Hussein. But he refused to accept all criticism over the execution. When asked about the Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodis attack on Iraqs capital punishment laws, Mr al-Maliki cited the Italians summary killing of Benito Mussolini and his stringing-up from a lamppost.Asked how long Iraq would require US troops, Mr al-Maliki said: If we succeed in implementing the agreement between us to speed up the equipping and providing weapons to our military forces, I think that within three to six months our need for American troops will dramatically go down. That is on condition that there are real, strong efforts to support our military forces and equipping and arming them. <> story
Pointless <> Pointless.Who are their bosses?U.S. Unit Patrolling Baghdad Sees Flaws in Bush StrategyBy Sudarsan RaghavanWashington Post Foreign ServiceFriday, January 12, 2007; A01...............The day after his speech, the soldiers of Apache Company went on a mission to the volatile neighborhood of Hurriyah that underscored the challenges confronting U.S. troops as they attempt to clear neighborhoods of sectarian fighters and keep them that way under Iraqi control.Across Baghdad, Iraq's mostly Shiite security forces have proved unable to keep neighborhoods secure on their own. Sunni Arabs deeply mistrust the army and police, viewing them as a sectarian weapon of the Shiite-led government. Iraqi army commanders say their soldiers lack training and equipment, while some U.S. officials worry that Iraq's troops are too dependent on their American counterparts and will become even more so with the expected surge.The Stryker rolled through the mud of Camp Liberty and made its way to Hurriyah, a mostly Shiite area nestled west of the Tigris River. Apache Company's mission: to search a few houses for weapons caches based on intelligence reports. Caldwell and his soldiers worried about the intelligence they had been given. It had come from an Iraqi army -- or "IA," in U.S. soldier lingo -- officer a week ago. They wondered whether they were being set up for an ambush."It's a joke," said Pfc. Drew Merrell, 22, of Jefferson City, Mo., shaking his head and flashing a smile as the Stryker rolled through Baghdad."They feed us what they want," said Spec. Josh Lake, 26, of Ventura, Calif., referring to the intelligence. "I guarantee that everyone in the city knows where we're going. Because the IA told them. The only thing they don't know is how big a force we're coming with."On this morning, 22 U.S. soldiers were in the Stryker convoy along with one Iraqi interpreter, whom the soldiers called Joey. He didn't want his real name used for security reasons."Pretty soon the Shiites will be tired of our presence, just like the Sunnis," said Lake, noting that the squad now makes almost daily trips to Hurriyah."The general feeling among us is we're not really doing anything here," Caldwell said. "We clear one neighborhood, then another one fires up. It's an ongoing battle. It never ends.""We're constantly being told that it's not our fight. It is their fight," said Sgt. Jose Reynoso, 24, of Yuma, Ariz., speaking of the Iraqi army. "But that's not the case. Whenever we go and ask them for guys, they almost always say no, and we have to do the job ourselves.""You do have corruption problems among the ranks," said Sgt. Justin Hill, 24, of Abilene Tex., the squad leader. "I don't know what they can do about that. They have militias inside them. They are pretty much everywhere.""The intel they give us and the intel we get are two different things," Lake said.Caldwell, as he listened to the conversation, leaned his head back and said:"I want to go back and play my PlayStation." <> story
A simple question <> A simple question.What happens if the Iraqi Shia take an attack on Iran as an attack on them? <> politics
Mr. Sulu Phasers Tim Hardaway <> Mr. Sulu Phasers Tim Hardaway.Okay, Jen here.  I'm on Safari on a public machine so I can't text up my stuff in purple as ususal--don't see the text color thing here.  Anyway, enjoy and comment away. <> misc
Good luck, Jane <> Good luck, Jane.Jane Hamsher is going into the hospital for her third bout with breast cancer.Jen and I wish her luck, because no matter how brave your face, it's scary to face that.I'll be posting on FDL over the weekend. <> misc
Simple point <> Simple point.Opposing the war is not a "left" position.It is an American position <> misc
Time to serve <> Time to serve.(Thaier al-Sudani/Reuters)This was sent to warmonger Peter Beinhart. I think he deserves a flood of these letters myselffrom Operation Yellow Elephant    to pbeinart@cfr.org subject Have you considered volunteering for military service yourself?  Dear Mr. Beinart:   Thank you for your strong support of continued U.S. military intervention in Iraq.  We have a few questions for you.  We would like to publish your answers on our blog.   Are you a veteran?  [If so, thank you for your service.]  Although it's highly unlikely that you are in ROTC/OCS/something similar, if you are, we thank you for your commitment.  Have you applied for military service, but were not accepted?  [If so, thank you for stepping forward.]  Do you know that you are not eligible to serve?  [If so, please let us know that one fact, and we won't contact you again.]    Otherwise, it would appear that you are eligible to serve in our military.  Have you considered it?  What resulted from those deliberations?  Don't you think that someone who advocates military intervention has an obligation at least to consider volunteering personally?    If you have addressed this issue in your columns or elsewhere on the record, we would welcome links.  [If you would like to keep something not-for-publication, please use brackets as I am doing with this sentence.]  Thank you very much.    Sincerely,   Karl Olson Operation Yellow Elephant <> misc
Despite total ignorance, I support this idea <> Despite total ignorance, I support this idea.Giuliani and KerikGiuliani and Broken Windowsby HarveyMilk [Subscribe]Thu Jan 18, 2007 at 06:50:01 PM PSTIn an ongoing series, I want to post diaries that piss off those who cling to the "conventional wisdom" of this site.  Not just for the sake of pissing people off (that's an added bonus), but to get us to think.I support the "Broken Windows" theory of law enforcement, and I support how Giuliani carried it out.  It was necessary.  It was effective.I don't care if a Republican did it.  New York is the better for it, and the whole country would be, too.  So there.On a national level, we Democrats were in the opposition forever.  But, opposition is one thing.  All you have to do is cry foul and profess a love of America.  We're good at that.  But now, we have power.  And all signs point to us having even more power in 2008.So, the time for righteous rants is over.  Let's get to policy.  That's were you can get into some trouble!I live in an inner-ring suburb of Detroit, and I work in the City of Detroit (all in Wayne County, Michigan - the third bluest county in the country).  John Conyers is my rep.  I am (in my heart of hearts) a Democratic Socialist, and not simply a "Democrat," just like Martin Luther King, Jr.At the same time, I support law enforcement taking the "Broken Windows" approach.  Is being a "Democratic Socialist" and being an advocate of "Broken Windows" policing a dichotomy?  No.  I'll attempt to explain why.A couple of days ago, I emerged from my concrete bunker of an office building to take my lunch (I'm a legal assistant).  I encountered a man shitting on a public sidewalk.  I gave him a look of disdain.  He looked at me like I'd done something wrong!In his defense, he appeared to be homeless and desperate.  The good leftist in me knows that that isn't all his fault. And, every business in the CBD has signs posted saying "Restrooms are for Customers ONLY."But, I couldn't help but think, if it were me, I'd find an alley, a place behind the dumpster to relieve myself.  I wouldn't shit in front of everyone, and I wouldn't dare act like someone else had a problem if I were moving my bowels on public sidewalk.Detroit struggles anyway with its national reputation.  And we currently have the NAIAS in town. You would think law enforcement would stop things like public defocation.  But no.  I walked for six blocks to my destination, hoping that, along the way, I could hip a cop to the fact that someone was dropping the kids off in a public square.  Get the guy some help.  But, no member of law enforcement was to be found.I think it will take a good, strong-minded Democrat to fix problems like this.  A Republican looks cruel enforcing public decency - a Democrat wouldn't.  Maybe a "Nixon Goes to China" thing, on the domestic tip.To be clear, I'm not looking for a "blame the victim" solution, but I AM looking for a "quality of life" solution.I care very much about the downtrodden in our society.  I want to invest in mental health.  But I don't want to watch someone take a shit in public on my way to get my lunch. And I damn sure won't put up with the shitter getting aggressive toward me.  Fuck that, with no equivocation.And where I am, we have only Democrats to blame.Do you know anything other than Giuliani propeganda about Broken Windows or are you a racist who doesn't respect the constitution? You can be either. But Broken Windows failed.This is the theory famously expounded by James Q. Wilson and George L. Kelling in an article entitled Broken Windows: The Police and Neighborhood Safety, which appeared in Atlantic Monthly in March 1982. They make the consequences of small-scale neglect very clear and very direct:A piece of property is abandoned, weeds grow up, a window is smashed. Adults stop scolding rowdy children; the children, emboldened, become more rowdy. Families move out, unattached adults move in. Teenagers gather in front of the corner store. The merchant asks them to move; they refuse. Fights occur. Litter accumulates. People start drinking in front of the grocery; in time, an inebriate slumps to the sidewalk and is allowed to sleep it off. Pedestrians are approached by panhandlers.The theory was that if you arrested people for small crimes, they wouldn't commit big ones.However, crime in New York had already been going down because of community policing, where the police worked with the locals. Giuliani, who's antipathy towards blacks was noted, turned broken windows into a policy which led to extrajudicial murder.What Broken Windows did was increase the number of blacks and latinos in the system for minor things like drinking outside, while whites would never be stopped, much less arrested for such activity. At one point, 80 percent of New York's black and latino males had been stopped and frisked. One particular opponent of Giuliani was illegally arrested 26 times.But the consequences of Broken Windows created a racial divide which has never been truly healed.Abner LouimaLouima was attending a nightclub in Brooklyn when police approached him and then arrested him. He was then taken into the bathroom, raped and had his rectum destroyed by a plunger.Amadou DialloDiallo was coming home at 2 AM after getting a sandwich from the local deli. Four police stopped him and fired 41 shots at him. No gun was found, no evidence of a crime found. The police officers were aquitted by an Albany County jury, forever casting a pall over relations between the NYPD and the African American community. Extrajudicial murder usually does. The city settled with the Diallo family for several million dollars.Patrick DorismondGetting off of work after a couple of drinks in a bar, he's approached by an undercover police officer. After a scuffle, he is murdered on the street by the NYPD. He had no gun, there was no evidence of any crime committed. The case is not prosecuted. His family settles for several million dollars.This was the outcome of Giuliani's broken windows policing, innocents harassed, others extrajudicially tortured and murdered, a gross violation of civil rights.Instead of looking to police solutions, why not work with the community to provide services for the homeless and petty criminals. People shouldn't have to die for reaching their wallet <> story
Silicone <> Silicone.Lars Klove for The New York TimesHot StuffBy MARIAN BURROSPublished: January 10, 2007SILICONE kitchen tools have been lending a playful, psychedelic air to kitchens across the country, especially those where stark, sophisticated stainless steel had been the coin of the realm. The new tools appear in colors from electric green and royal purple to sweetheart pink and terra cotta and come in every shape imaginable.Until about a decade ago, Americans knew silicone, a synthetic rubber, mainly from Silly Putty and, more controversially, from breast implants. But in recent years cooks have been deluged with silicone spatulas, cake pans, muffin tins, potholders, colanders and ties.Clearly, the designers are having a ball. And so are the manufacturers and retailers of housewares. According to HomeWorld Business, a magazine that serves the housewares industry, silicone products make up about 7 percent of the bakeware business. Sales of silicone bakeware for 2006 are expected to exceed 2.7 million units, up from 365,000 units in 2001, according to the magazine.Whats less clear is whether these products are as revolutionary in their use as they are in their appearance.After four days in the kitchen  ovens blasting, water boiling, microwave beeping  I have clear ideas about which pieces of silicone belong in my kitchen and which do not, even if I were starting from scratch. There were plenty of disappointments, but a lot of treats.Lets immediately dispense with a common myth about silicone baking pans, and a reason many people say they buy them: that they are nonstick and do not require greasing.Those who once believed this can tell you about partial layers of cake left behind and about muffin tops in hand and muffin bottoms left in the cup. Stick resistant is a better description.Michael Karyo, owner of SiliconeZone, which makes silicone cookware, agreed. If any silicone manufacturer says you never have to grease a pan, no matter, they are not telling you the truth, he said.Despite many magical qualities, silicone is not Teflon. (In light of some questions about Teflons safety, this can be seen as a plus.) It is also not all things to all people: like glass and aluminum, stainless steel and cast iron, it is the best choice for some tasks in the kitchen and not for others. Used as a potholder or as a baking surface for cookies, it has no equal. Used to peel garlic or to squeeze lemons, it is unclear why anyone would bother.The universally appealing qualities of silicone are its heat resistance; its flexibility, which allows you to fold it, flatten it and squish it into a drawer; its ease of washing; and its ability to go from oven or microwave to refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher (in most cases) and sometimes even to the dinner table, cutting down on the number and kinds of containers you need.Jen's mom bought me a silicone pot holder. It can do some amazing things. like flip a turkey. But it isn't exactly a precision instrument. I bought my sister silicone bakeware because she does a lot of it. The best stuff seems to be the flat sheets and the sil pats. <> misc
Sucker <> Sucker.Yeah, you're right, Mike, sez Joe, but aid formula staysBY MICHAEL SAUL and MICHAEL McAULIFFDAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERSWASHINGTON - Mayor Bloomberg's buddy Sen. Joseph Lieberman agreed yesterday that risk is the top factor in beefing up homeland security - but still wouldn't fix a formula that stiffs New York City.That was after Bloomberg testified before Lieberman's Homeland Security Committee in hopes of persuading the Connecticut independent to kill a formula that guarantees each state a minimum share of anti-terror funding."Time and time again, our calls for fully risk-based homeland security funding have been ignored," Bloomberg said. "Instead, we have seen huge sums of homeland security money spread across the country like peanut butter."Lieberman agreed New York is full of targets, but still contended small states like his need to guard against terrorists and deserve their peanut butter. "Everybody and everything is at risk in America," he said.By his definition, homeland security funding already is handed out mostly based on risk. But he said fighting over how the money is divided isn't the answer; instead, the government should give out more cash."It's unbelievable and outrageous that homeland security grant funding has been cut over 40% since 2004," Lieberman said. "If we begin to raise that back up . . . the city is going to get more money."My ass hurts from laughing.All that support you gave him, all that money you spent to reelect him?This is your thanks, Mike.Sucker <> story