BLOG-ENTRY-TITLE <> TRAINING-TEST-DATA <> CLASS-LABEL
I told you this would happen <> I told you this would happen.Turk PM asserts right to intervene in Iraq, raps US12 Jan 2007 17:57:24 GMTANKARA, Jan 12 (Reuters) - Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan on Friday reaffirmed Turkey's right to send troops into Iraq to crush Kurdish rebels there and chided U.S. officials for questioning it."The Turkish Republic will do whatever is necessary to combat the terrorists when the time comes, but it will not announce its plans in advance," Erdogan told a news conference after a meeting of his ruling AK Party."We say we are ready to take concrete steps with the Iraqi government and we also say these steps must be taken now."In sharp language underscoring Turkish anxiety about the chaos in Iraq, Erdogan said it was wrong for Washington -- "our supposed strategic ally" -- to tell Turkey, with its historic and cultural ties in the region, to stay out of Iraq."We have a 350 km border with Iraq. We have historic relations ... the United States is 10,000 km away from Iraq, and yet is it not intervening in Iraq's internal affairs?" he said.Turkish media say Erdogan has been irked by comments attributed to Washington's envoy to Baghdad, Zalmay Khalilzad, warning third countries not to interfere in Iraqi affairs.Ankara has long complained that the United States and Iraqi government have failed to crack down on Kurdish rebels, and periodically asserts its right under international law to conduct cross-border operations against the guerrillas. <> politics
He  has affliliations <> He  has affliliations.Well, he's my choice, and that's really the point, isn't it,Iraqi leader goes own way to fill top postHe picks an unknown to lead forces in Baghdad, which raises questions about his motives.By Louise Roug and Peter Spiegel, Times Staff WritersJanuary 13, 2007BAGHDAD  Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Maliki has filled the top military job in Baghdad with a virtually unknown officer chosen over the objections of U.S. and Iraqi military commanders, officials from both governments said.Iraqi political figures said Friday that Maliki also had failed to consult the leaders of other political factions before announcing the appointment of Lt. Gen. Abud Qanbar.The appointment is highly significant because it is Maliki's first public move after President Bush's announcement that he was sending more troops to Iraq. The prime mission of those troops is to reduce violence in Baghdad, much of which is blamed on sectarian fighters.As the Iraqi commander for the capital, Qanbar would play a central role in that campaign, and any ties he might have to sectarian groups could undermine the new U.S. effort.In his speech Wednesday, in which he announced the troop increase, Bush said political and sectarian interference in security matters would no longer be tolerated."If the Iraqi government does not follow through on its promises, it will lose the support of the American people," Bush said. "The prime minister understands this."Maliki's decision to push through his own choice for one of the country's most sensitive military posts  and to reject another officer who was considered more qualified by the top U.S. commander in Iraq, Gen. George W. Casey  has renewed questions about the prime minister's intentions."It's a delicate situation," said Mahmoud Othman, a Kurdish lawmaker who questioned the choice of Qanbar. "It's very dangerous if it turns out that he has affiliations," he said, naming Maliki's political party and the anti-American Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada Sadr.U.S. officials are skeptical of Qanbar not only because of the way he was named, but because they know little about him. Moreover, they have questioned the degree to which Maliki's government is reliant on sectarian figures, particularly Sadr. Maliki essentially is asking American officials to take Qanbar on trust at a time when they have little left.Qanbar, a commander in the navy during Saddam Hussein's reign, has not worked with American military officials, who say they know little about him other than that he hails from Amarah, a city in Iraq's Shiite-dominated south, and that he was taken prisoner by American forces near Kuwait during the 1991 Persian Gulf War.U.S. commanders have said that officials in Maliki's government have intervened several times to block them from combating Sadr's Al Mahdi militia, which is accused of being behind much of the bloodshed in Baghdad. When U.S. forces did raid the militia's stronghold of Sadr City, a largely Shiite neighborhood of east Baghdad, Maliki's government publicly criticized them. On several occasions, Maliki ordered the release of suspected militiamen captured there, frustrating U.S. commanders. <> politics
Reality Check <> Reality Check.Sadr City up closeBush's plan is a fantasy, a dangerous one which also provokes Iran to no good purpose.1) While the Iraqis made a lot of promises and big talk, remember ONE thing. Moqtada Sadr hung Saddam Hussein. Not the government, and they had to go along.  So any threat from Maliki should be taken as a threat from Kerensky to tell Lenin that Trotsky needs to control the Bolsheviks2) Sadr has already manuvered his way past Washington's coup and had brutally demonstrated his power3) There is no effective Iraqi government to impliment any program.  No matter how much money you give to them, they will either steal it or not use it.4) While Maliki talks unity government, his plan for securing Baghdad basically means attacking  Sunni neighborhoods.5) Sadr fully expects a surge. Fully. According to NPR, he's handing out grenades to every home and drafting every swinging dick between 15 and 45.People think Bush can flatten Sadr City with airstrikes like they did Fallujah, but that is impossible. People fled Fallujah and turned it into a battleground. So you had minimal risks of killing whole blocks of people.  The US could also surround Fallujah.Sadr City is a whole different story.Sadr can not only tie down US forces in Sadr City, his supporters and their criminal allies can cut the supply lines to Baghdad.  US air power is extremely limited and could be counter productive. The people of Sadr City have no place to go. They will defend their homes. If you turn some of them into rubble, you repeat the mistake the Israelis made last year.The constant talk of the Iraqi Army joining in this may be the winter's most brutal surprise. If they don't defect, they may not show up.  This is a plan of bailing wire and duct tape.  Bush gave a speech which should have scared the crap out of people, and I think did. The pundits, unarmed, treat this plan seriously, and mention increased casualities.What they aren't telling you is that if the US gets sucked into urban combat with both the Shia and Sunni, we will have a disaster on our hands.  Not only more dead and wounded, but US forces hampered by the supply line attacks and the desertion of the Iraqi Army.Odierno and Petraeus take the Iraqis at their word. They are fools.We will not get the Iraqi support promised. And Americans will die because of that. <> politics
Bush's plan falling apart <> Bush's plan falling apart.Tom Lasseter/MCT  Iraqi Army soldiers from the Kurdish-dominatedunits in northern Iraq at a base outside of Mosul, Iraq, December 2005. The Kurdish flag, andnot the Iraqi flag, flies at the gate.Kurdish Iraqi soldiers are deserting to avoid the conflict in BaghdadBy Leila Fadel and Yaseen TahaMcClatchy NewspapersSULAIMANIYAH, Iraq - As the Iraqi government attempts to secure a capital city ravaged by conflict between Sunni and Shiite Muslim Arabs, its decision to bring a third party into the mix may cause more problems than peace.Kurdish soldiers from northern Iraq, who are mostly Sunnis but not Arabs, are deserting the army to avoid the civil war in Baghdad, a conflict they consider someone else's problem.The Iraqi army brigades being sent to the capital are filled with former members of a Kurdish militia, the peshmerga, and most of the soldiers remain loyal to the militia.Much as Shiite militias have infiltrated the Iraqi security forces across Arab Iraq, the peshmerga fill the ranks of the Iraqi army in the Kurdish region in the north, poised to secure a semi-independent Kurdistan and seize oil-rich Kirkuk and parts of Mosul if Iraq falls apart. One thing they didn't bank on, they said, was being sent into the "fire" of Baghdad."The soldiers don't know the Arabic language, the Arab tradition, and they don't have any experience fighting terror," said Anwar Dolani, a former peshmerga commander who leads the brigade that's being transferred to Baghdad from the Kurdish city of Sulaimaniyah.Dolani called the desertions a "phenomenon" but refused to say how many soldiers have left the army."I can't deny that a number of soldiers have deserted the army, and it might increase due to the ferocious military operations in Baghdad," he said."This is the biggest performance through which we can test them," said Lt. Gen. Ali Ghaidan, the commander of land forces for the Iraqi Ministry of Defense. The Kurdish soldiers will be using translators, and they'll start off doing less dangerous tasks, such as manning checkpoints with Arab soldiers, he said.In interviews, however, soldiers in Sulaimaniyah expressed loyalty to their Kurdish brethren, not to Iraq. Many said they'd already deserted, and those who are going to Baghdad said they'd flee if the situation there became too difficult."I joined the army to be a soldier in my homeland, among my people. Not to fight for others who I have nothing to do with," said Ameen Kareem, 38, who took a week's leave with other soldiers from his brigade in Irbil and never returned. "I used to fight in the mountains and valleys, not in the streets."Kareem said he knew that deserting was risky, but he said he'd rather be behind bars in Kurdistan than a "soldier in Baghdad's fire." Without the language and with his Kurdish features, he was sure he would stand out, he said. He's a Kurd, he said, and he has no reason to become a target in an Arab war.Now he drives a taxi in Sulaimaniyah, eking out a living and praying that he doesn't get caught.Other soldiers in Sulaimaniyah also said they didn't want to be involved in someone else's war.Farman Mohammed, 42, celebrated the Muslim Eid holiday with his family last month and didn't go back when he heard that he might be deployed to Baghdad. Afraid for his life, he found a new job and settled in with his family."The fanatic Sunnis in Baghdad kill the Shiites, and vice versa. Both of them are outraged against the Kurds. They will not hesitate to kill us and accuse us of being collaborators with the occupiers," he said. "How can we face them alone?" <> politics
A history lesson <> A history lesson.Walter ReutherI find fantasists like Max Sawicky amusing.They talk about some never never land where people did things right and how we should all just repeat what they did.The New Left was a minor participant in social change because it was disconnected from the masses. It was really college kids and some activists reading Marx and talking. I've read Marx. I don't think I'll get back the hours I spent pouring through Das Kapital. How that helps fund a charter school is beyond me, but practical results often elude the current left.For someone so contemptuous of people acting on their own, and waiting for the next leader, I think we need to discuss when being on the left wasn't what people did in dorm rooms and meeting halls.There has probably been no more effective leftist in American history than Walter Reuther. The head of the UAW in the 1930's and 40's, he didn't debate Marx, he fought union goons in the streets of Detroit. He didn't have theories, but practical goals which improved people's lives.I don't think Max, with his romance with the words of the New Left, would be able to identify the  most critical adjustments to the class structure in the US.The GI Bill and the UAW contract of 1946. Both built the structure of modern American society in the face of conservative opposition. It was the determination to provide the benefits of the GI Bill, a college education or a home, which changed America. The UAW contract of 1946 established the benefits we now take for granted, vacation, 8 hour work day.Now, you can sit in a room and read Marx, or you can actually organize and lead people. Harry Bridges was as left as you could get and he spent his time organizing dock workers in the face of goons.The netroots represents the left which actually does something, not the circle jerk of academics and the isolation from the working class which doomed so many of the New Left's ideas.Which is why it scares people. The fact is that left academics no more like housewives in politics than the right think tankers. They don't feel these people are worthy because they haven't read Marx. Changing lives? Not so important. Doctrinare leftist thought, important.Poor Max thinks it's important that people read Marx and Marcuse.  How many people did his new left heroes actually elect to office? Because that is how we make change in this country. They were beyond electoral politics. They thought they could convince the poor of their ways by quoting authors they never cared about. What Max will realize about his version of the left is that it never does anything. I don't care if the local activists read Malcolm X. If they stop a landfill in their neighborhood, I think they've done more to prove collective action works.  Then he lauds the "direct action forces" the people who disrupt Davos and other gatherings. And that, my friend, is where the romance of the New Left runs into reality. You don't think most of those groups are infiltrated by everyone from SISMI to the Bundespolizei to MI6?While they're hopping around and getting arrested, they are quickly shoved aside as theater. They may have mobilized, but their arrest record is longer than their accomplishments. But that is what happens when you see politics in romantic instead of practical terms. Protest is less important than controlling who sits in government.The fact is that the only place his version of the left has worked is in a conference room. Most people have neither the time nor tolerance for it. <> politics
This makes me laugh <> This makes me laugh.   The Ballad of the Yellow Berets                                           By commenter Democommie:The Ballad of the Yellow Beret(to the tune of "The Ballad of the Green Berets")We are tough, young RepublicansWe fight with words (but never guns)We show support by drinking beer.But since were rich well stay right here.(chorus)Chicken wings suit me just fineThey go so well with my yellow spineIll ply my trade while youre overseasWhen you return, your job will speak ChineseIm like my grandpop and my dad,Those terrorist bastards make me mad;But Im a Stanford B-school grad;So Ill not be going to Baghdad(Chorus)Chicken wings suit me just fineThey go so well with my yellow spineThe poor mans born to join the frayI was born rich, Ill get an MBAI just cant share the poor mans fateCause at the Frat House hot babes waitJust like Dubya I get Cs,And like Dick, I got Priorities(Chorus)Chicken wings suit me just fineThey go so well with my yellow spineWe strut like cocks in our Old School hallsWere really hens, were lacking balls <> misc
Talk or no talk <> Talk or no talk.For Police Involved in Fatal Shooting, Talking May Be RiskyBy AL BAKERPublished: January 12, 2007The decision by four of the five police officers involved in the killing of an unarmed Queens man to voluntarily speak to prosecutors, giving investigators their version of events for the first time, poses certain risks for both sides, lawyers and legal experts say.By voluntarily talking with prosecutors, officers can often try to gain points as well as offer insights into their state of mind during a shooting, the experts said. The biggest risk to a police officer, however, is that once he tells a story, he is married to it and can only change it later at his peril. Prosecutors can attack any inconsistencies during subsequent grand jury proceedings or at trial, some defense lawyers and former prosecutors said.While prosecutors face few pitfalls in questioning officers in such cases  either before a grand jury proceeding, during it, or at both times  they risk criticism doing it beforehand because of the potential for cozy dealings between prosecutors and the police, legal analysts said.Michael Hardy, a lawyer for the family of Sean Bell, the Queens man who was killed, said yesterday that he was concerned by the officers parading in, one after another, to tell their stories to prosecutors in the office of the Queens district attorney, Richard A. Brown. Mr. Bell died in a hail of 50 police bullets on Nov. 25, just hours before he was to be married.What does concern me is to the extent that such meetings would have some undue influence on the prosecutors and how they present it to the grand jury, Mr. Hardy said. It has the appearance of impropriety only because of the general suspicion that exists within the general public about the closeness of the relationship between the district attorney and the police. And that is why it boils down to whether or not there is real integrity to the investigation, because it really will depend on how they use the information the officers give and how aggressively they use it in the grand jury.Those who represent the Bell family as well as the two men who were wounded in the shooting have also expressed outrage over what they see as a basic weakness in the criminal justice system: that district attorneys investigate cases of excessive use of force by the police, with whom they must work every day. <> misc
A nervous WH <> A nervous WH.Ha,ha, fucking ha White House tries to avoid Iraq showdownBy ANNE FLAHERTY, Associated Press Writer 1 hour, 24 minutes agoWASHINGTON - A Senate resolution opposing President Bush's war plan onIraq put the White House and Republican leaders on the defensive Wednesday as they scurried to prevent a trickle of GOP support for the measure from swelling into a deluge.Eager to avoid an embarrassing congressional rebuke of the president's new war strategy, the administration seemed to hint that the effort  led chiefly by Democrats  might somehow be of assistance to terrorists. They also herded GOP skeptics to the White House, where they tried to allay the concerns of Republican lawmakers including Sens. John Warner (news, bio, voting record) of Virginia, Sam Brownback (news, bio, voting record) of Kansas, Norm Coleman (news, bio, voting record) of Minnesota and Susan Collins (news, bio, voting record) of Maine."What message does Congress intend to give?" asked White House spokesman Tony Snow. "And who does it think the audience is? Is the audience merely the president? Is it the voting American public or, in an age of instant communication, is it also al-Qaida?"Initially announced by Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin (news, bio, voting record), D-Mich., and possible 2008 presidential candidates Sens. Joseph Biden (news, bio, voting record), D-Del., and Chuck Hagel (news, bio, voting record), R-Neb., the non-binding resolution states that "escalating the United States military force presence in Iraq" is not in the national interest. Bush has proposed adding 21,500 U.S. troops to the roughly 132,000 already in the country.Moderate Sen. Olympia Snowe (news, bio, voting record), R-Maine, also quickly signed on.Hagel's and Snowe's support for the measure is a major victory for Democrats, who believe their support will open the door for other Republicans to jump on board and challenge Bush.The resolution does not call for a withdrawal of troops or threaten funding of military operations, as many Democrats have suggested. Instead, it says the U.S. should transfer responsibility to the Iraqis "under an appropriately expedited timeline" that is not specified.Republicans who attended the White House meetings said they emerged unconvinced more troops were the answer in Iraq, but were unsure whether signing on to the resolution was the answerWhy is the WH nervous?Because those who vote for the resolution today will be voting on impeachment tomorrow. Abu Ghraib Gonzalez isn't backing down for no reason. The WH expects a confrontation with Congress, a real one, and it isn't liking the numbers.And Maliki isn't acting like a puppet or grateful any longer.The resolution fight is just the opening round for Bush and if he loses it, he's gonna lose more. <> politics
www.thenewsblog.net <> www.thenewsblog.net.No Drama Queen BullshitUnlike some bloggers, who feel oppressed by the act of writing and need to dramatically quit every few months, the simple fact is that we're moving our blog to a new domain, http://www.thenewsblog.net .Why?Because the new blogger works better. The old site will be frozen in place as of 5:30 PM January 21, 2007. No more posts or comments will be responded to on this site, except for the previous one.www.thenewsblog.net  is now up and running and is the News Blog's new home. <> misc
Thank you, Jesus <> Thank you, Jesus.Thank you so much ReganBooks to Shut Down After Firing of Its CreatorBy JULIE BOSMANPublished: January 18, 2007HarperCollins, the publishing company, announced yesterday that it planned to close ReganBooks, the imprint created by Judith Regan, the editor who was fired last month after public outcry over a book and television deal with O. J. Simpson. The imprint will close March 1.The publisher also laid off 10 employees in the Los Angeles office of ReganBooks. Five senior staff members, including Cal Morgan, editorial director of the imprint, will move to the New York office of HarperCollins, while the publicity director, Suzanne Wickham, will remain in Los Angeles, along with her assistant.The 10 employees were notified yesterday that they would be laid off, said Michael Morrison, the president and group publisher of HarperMorrow, a division of HarperCollins, in a telephone interview.The announcement came about a month after Ms. Regan was fired. The publishing house hinted then that the ReganBooks imprints days were numbered, saying in a statement that future decisions relating to the imprint name or the publication of unpublished books will be addressed at the appropriate time.From Day 1, we knew we could not be continuing with that name, Mr. Morrison said. We didnt want to, nor could we. <> story
Shut yer festerin' gob <> Shut yer festerin' gob.I'd rather take advice from a cat before I wouldtake if from Frank LuntzFrank LuntzI am not in the habit of offering partisan linguistic advice to Democrats. But in the genuine spirit of bipartisanship - seriously - I thought this is the perfect time to convey a simple point to the still-euphoric faces of Democrat activists ...Don't twist the knife.Let's briefly sketch the political landscape in America today.Republicans are still reeling quite deservedly from the political thumping they took in the November election.The polls, pretty bad then, have gotten even worse. One-by-one, key Republicans on the Hill are parting ways with the President over the 'surge' and his 'new strategy' in Iraq. And to top it all off, a Washington Post-ABC News poll taken immediately after the President's speech showed that a mere 40% of Americans believe the war is worth fighting, up just four points from before the speech.An emerging new majority has spoken, and it is not happy with the old politics.The Republicans are a party in peril, but all is not milk and cookies in Democrat land. The Democrats - flush with majority status - have a crucial choice right now. They can use their newly-won mandate to settle some old scores...or they can get responsibly and move ahead. They would be wise to opt for the latter.Democracy is at its best when its practioners use language to unite and explain rather than divide and attack. The blogs from the Left and the Right be damned, the real center of America is upset but not bitter, anxious but not fearful, restless but not unforgiving.For two years the Republican Party was adrift in meaningless messaging to support meaningless reform - and have communicated absolutely nothing for the past three months. By comparison, the Democrat majority that took Congress in November was remarkably disciplined and effective in promoting change, reform, and accountability in the weeks following their historic election.But alas, power does strange things to Democrats: put a gavel in their hands and a camera in their face and they revert to the name-calling that kept them from the majority for a dozen long years. Sure, it's easy to land rhetorical jabs on a staggering opponent - but that doesn't make it effective. The message from the electorate in November was 'work together and compromise.' You need only look at the incumbent governor of California who won a lopsided landslide in an otherwise Democratic sweep. Cooperation works. Compromise wins. But over-heated rhetoric says to the world that you are no different - and no better - than what you replaced......................Ignore this stupid motherfuckerThe GOP are the largest bunch of whining children I have ever seen.George Bush says vote Republican or die and now, when the Dems have real power, he wants to hand out lectures on not twisitng knives?Where was he when Tom Delay was around. Sucking his balls. The GOP likes compromise when they are the minority. When they're the majority, they can bully and lie like it's free. <> politics
Give me back my airmen <> Give me back my airmen.Airmen as 'light infantry' may hinder AF missionCommentary by Lt. Col. Gerald Goodfellow28th Operations Group1/10/2007 - ELLSWORTH AIR FORCE BASE, S.D. (ACCNS) -- Every couple of weeks I have the pleasure of briefing Ellsworth Air Force Base's newest first-term Airmen. Every time I brief these young Airmen, I make the point that the majority of our day-to-day focus here in the 28th Bomb Wing is to put "Bombs on Target from B-1 Bombers."However, since Sept. 11 many Ellsworth Airmen have participated in combat operations that do not have anything to do with putting bombs on target from B-1s. In fact, Airmen from across Ellsworth have filled ground force combat gaps and taken part in harrowing firefights and missions in support of ground (mostly Army) forces through "in-lieu-of" taskings. I deeply respect the Airmen from Ellsworth who are, in many cases, heroically supporting our current wars on the ground. It is a fortunate situation that Air Force Airmen can support the joint fight and add to America's security in ways we did not imagine in the past. It is also fortunate for the other services' ground forces that we can "prop up" their capabilities by supporting them through these "in-lieu-of" taskings.These kinds of taskings are not what most of us expected when we joined the Air Force. However, these are taskings that we are now being given and it is reassuring to me that we, as professional Airmen, will continue to carry them out with the same professionalism and dedication we aspire to when we "put bombs on target" from B-1s. This dedication and professionalism is what makes me feel fortunate to be part of the Ellsworth team and a Service, the U.S. Air Force, which has so selflessly supported these taskings. However, at some point the military community as a whole will need to take a hard look at the "in-lieu-of" taskings concept, and determine if Airmen should continue to perform these kinds of taskings.I personally hope that all the services are currently striving to organize in a way that will largely prevent Air Force personnel from conducting "in-lieu-of" taskings in the future. This is because I do not believe the Air Force should be in the business of fighting combat operations on the ground. For example, although today it is a necessity, I do not believe in the long-run any Army or Air Force general officer will determine that it is in America's best security interests to continue to have Airmen driving trucks in Army convoys. As Air Force Doctrine Document 1 points out, the role of the Air Force spelled out by law in the National Security Act of 1947 is to "Organize, train, and equip aviation forces for prompt and sustained offensive and defensive air operations. This basic charter has essentially remained unchanged to the present."America has branches of the service that specialize in ground combat and those services should perform those roles as directed by law just as the Air Force should perform its roles as directed by law. Ground warfare is not a role of the Air Force beyond some very specialized duties all of which are spelled out in Air Force doctrine, which include: force protection of air assets on the ground where they are most vulnerable, special operations to enhance air warfare, civil engineering functions (to include combat engineers), etc.The last sentence of the current Air Force mission statement boils down very succinctly what I hope we continue to concentrate on in the Air Force: "...to fly and fight in Air, Space, and Cyberspace." I believe our piece of that mission here at Ellsworth is flying and fighting from B-1s, and meeting our additional Air Force responsibilities to man expeditionary Air Force units with expeditionary combat support forces to support the larger overall Air Force mission. Ideally, I believe everybody stationed at Ellsworth from the wing commander to the Airmen in civil engineering, maintenance, flight kitchen, personnel, bomb squadrons, etc., should be stationed at Ellsworth to support our B-1 and expeditionary combat support mission. I do understand that Airmen at Ellsworth will continue to fill "in-lieu-of" taskings for the foreseeable future. However, I also hope we can support these taskings without diminishing B-1 or Air Force capabilities. In fact, anybody who seriously considers combat for a living realizes the Air Force's importance to the joint fight, and would never want to see Air Force capabilities diminished. In a nutshell:"Who controls the air controls the fight. When all the sterile debates between Soldiers and Airmen are set aside, this hard reality remains. It has been more than fifty years since U.S. forces faced an enemy willing and able to contest control of the airspace over the battlefield. We can't count on that condition to endure automatically. Were it to change, the offensive rapidity demonstrated so vividly in this war would become virtually infeasible. The Army and Marine Corps thus have a vested interest in the continued unchallenged superiority of their Air Force, Navy, and Marine Air partners, and acknowledging that interest needn't and shouldn't be seen as undermining their own strategic importance."The above statement from the April 24, 2003 Washington Post was written by retired Col. Richard Sinnreich during the first weeks of Operation Iraqi Freedom. What makes the statement so compelling is the fact that Colonel Sinnreich is not an Air Force officer but a former Army officer, who served at the Army's School for Advanced Military Studies, as its director between 1985 and 1987. SAMS is perhaps the Army's premier school for training officers with the abilities to solve complex war related problems.In America's current wars the Air Force has found itself in a situation where it, in effect, has to pay for and train its Airmen to serve ground duty (a form of "light infantry", to quote Gen. Ronald Keys, Air Combat Command commander) and then pay to supply that light infantry with items from bullet proof vests to armored vehicles to keep them safe. In the future I hope the Air Force can stop doing this because I, like Colonel Sinnreich, believe the Air Force and our nation have a vested interest in retaining the ability to gain and maintain air superiority in our future wars. Further, I believe the Air Force should spend its money on capabilities that will ensure future air dominance. When the Air Force loses manpower or defense money because it has to fill unanticipated gaps in sister service capabilities, the Air Force is put at a disadvantage when it comes to modernizing its own capabilities.I find myself in a dilemma when it comes to "in-lieu-of" taskings. I'm so very proud when I hear the stories of the firefights and tough ground combat that Ellsworth Airmen are performing as part of their "in-lieu-of" service. However, I also understand that supporting non-Air Force roles for prolonged periods could in the long run prove detrimental to the Air Force and America's overall security. This is why it is so important that we at Ellsworth continue to find ways to work smarter to fulfill our "bombs on target" mission while we continue to support the other kinds of taskings we receive. <> politics
Max responds <> Max responds. A NOTE FOR STEVE GILLIARD[Steve G. is a prominent Kos alumni blogger. He did the infamous blackface photoshop of Michael Steele, which I thought was totally fine and dandy. I don't follow his site because he evidently does not follow mine -- nobody's perfect -- so my remarks about netroots could not have been directed particularly at him. Below is a response to his response to my response to Matt Stoller's response to the 60s left. -- mbs]People say I'm arrogant, but what do they know.Steve, you're a fine blogger and all-around human being, but there is so much you don't know about the pre-Internet left. Your descriptions of SDS and SNCC are ridiculous. They "morphed into terrorists"? Really, do some research. I could as easily say the netroots' leaders have morphed into campaign consultants. That would be almost but not quite as foolish.You're right that I run the same hazards of generalization as someone discussing the 60s, or any other time. It's easy to cherry-pick exceptions. No doubt the (old) New Left made tons of mistakes, including the sin or arrogance (isn't that what people in Iowa said about Deaniacs in the 2004 caucuses . . . ?).I know all about the whiteness, class biases, and lack of internal democracy in activist groups. Truth is, you don't find much democracy in any big institution. Mainly this is distraction from the underlying political issues, a distraction that the commercial media and right opposition is fond of fomenting. Like talking about Obama's middle name or his lack of a necktie, instead of his substantive concerns. Even so, the middle class drift in the 70s accomplished a lot in the areas of environmentalism and feminism, among others.You don't really address my criticism of the netroots. I acknowledge that it has been great at raising money and helping Democrats. And there's nothing wrong with that, but that's a limitation as well as a virtue, particularly from a left perspective. THIS IS NOT THE SAME AS GAINING POLITICAL POWER. Labor provides tons of resources to Democrats, has for years, and its power over policy is nowhere near proportional to its support. You also betray the weakness I note of anti-intellectualism: you think talk of Marx bores people and isn't conducive to organizing meet-ups.Finally, you have drunk the Kos kool-aid about 'empowerment' and leaderless groups. Don't you realize this is a reprise of the delusions of the early SDS and "participatory democracy"? The only thing missing is the keyboards.The Internet is a great tool for empowerment, but people have yet to be empowered. <> politics
Here we go again <> Here we go again.Cracking Down on Mixtape CDsBy JEFF LEEDSPublished: January 22, 2007Not long before Christmas, Jeff Baker, the chief of police of Morrow, Ga., a small town just south of Atlanta, and one of his officers were walking through a local shopping mall when they happened to pass a kiosk hawking rap music CDs. One in particular caught their attention.The CD was Tha Streets Iz Watchin, with songs performed by the rapper Young Jeezy and, as Chief Baker recalled, it did not carry the name or address of the owner of the music copyrights, as Georgia law requires. Rather than arrest the kiosk vendor immediately, Chief Baker said, Wed rather go after the source of the material. And at that point we had no idea what the source was.Any rap music aficionado would; the creator of the album is DJ Drama, whose real name is Tyree Simmons, arguably the nations most prominent producer of mixtapes, the name given to popular but largely unlicensed CDs stocked with yet-to-be released rap hits and free-style rhymes.And many more people now know: last week, local authorities, working with the recording industrys trade association, stunned fans and music executives alike by raiding DJ Dramas studio in Atlanta and arresting him and a fellow D.J., Don Cannon, on racketeering charges. Investigators seized more than 81,000 allegedly pirated CDs and say the pair were producing unlicensed recordings and selling them without permission.The raid sparked an outcry among many rap fans. But it also threatens to throw into public view the recording industrys awkward relationship with mixtapes, long an integral element of rap culture and now commonly for sale on street corners, Web sites, many independent record shops and occasionally big chains.Even as industry-financed antipiracy squads hunt for unauthorized recordings, senior executives at the major record labels privately say that they have courted  and often paid  top D.J.s to create and distribute mixtapes featuring the labels rappers as part of efforts to generate buzz.The record industry seems intent on alienating their audience <> law
Favorite Egg recipe <> Favorite Egg recipe.I was laying in bed thinking about Robert Kagan making military policy and was so enraged, I got up. But before I launch into my rant about him, I was thinking about breakfast.  My landlord gave me a new stove, the fucker is huge, and I ordered some crossaints from Fresh Direct.I've been shaking a cold and just didn't want to deal with the local supermarket, or a trip to Fairway.This is the recipe recommended by Richard Olney and other French food afficionatos.               Making perfect scrambled eggs [thread digression moved from General Topics board]                  Btw, the way I learned the technique was James Peterson's "Glorious French Food" -- for that one recipe I was eternally grateful.A short-hand approach would run something like:Beat some very fresh, high-quality eggs loosely with a fork. Slide them into the top part of a double boiler (or a pan atop a pot) which is set above -- but not touching -- an inch or two of barely simmering water. Begin whisking immediately, breaking up the lumps that form. When the eggs have developed a thick, cottage-cheese-like texture, add slivers of cold unsalted butter (a few tablespoons is not unreasonable; the point is to slow the cooking down and capture bits of butter in the egg emulsion -- slow and steady wins the race), continue mixing until the eggs are about 80-90% cooked, remove from stove and continue mixing to nearly finish cooking them off the heat, and serve over hot buttered or dry toast (I prefer dry), garnished with good salt and garnishes of your choice. Make sure the plate is not cold (but hot would not been good either). If you find the cooking going too fast, you can also use some cold heavy cream to slow things down. Takes 20-30 minutes But who actually fixes eggs like this? I don't own a copper pot, like Olney. What I tend to do is use butter and a little cheese to get that soft texture.However, it's time to share your egg recipes. Omlettes, soft boiled eggs, whatever <> misc
WH lies <> WH lies.The Shi'ite Askariya shrine in Samarra, Iraq on June 23, 2003. The sacred mosque was destroyedFebruary 22, 2006. (Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press/KRT)Administration leaving out important details on IraqBy MARK SEIBELWASHINGTON - President Bush and his aides, explaining their reasons for sending more American troops to Iraq, are offering an incomplete, oversimplified and possibly untrue version of events there that raises new questions about the accuracy of the administration's statements about Iraq.President Bush unveiled the new version on Wednesday during his nationally televised speech announcing his new Iraq policy."When I addressed you just over a year ago, nearly 12 million Iraqis had cast their ballots for a unified and democratic nation," he said. "We thought that these elections would bring Iraqis together - and that as we trained Iraqi security forces, we could accomplish our mission with fewer American troops."But in 2006, the opposite happened. The violence in Iraq - particularly in Baghdad - overwhelmed the political gains Iraqis had made. Al-Qaida terrorists and Sunni insurgents recognized the mortal danger that Iraq's election posed for their cause. And they responded with outrageous acts of murder aimed at innocent Iraqis."They blew up one of the holiest shrines in Shia Islam - the Golden Mosque of Samarra - in a calculated effort to provoke Iraq's Shia population to retaliate," Bush said. "Their strategy worked. Radical Shia elements, some supported by Iran, formed death squads. And the result was a vicious cycle of sectarian violence that continues today."That version of events helps to justify Bush's "new way forward" in Iraq, in which U.S. forces will largely target Sunni insurgents and leave it to Iraq's U.S.-backed Shiite government to - perhaps - disarm its allies in Shiite militias and death squads.But the president's account understates by at least 15 months when Shiite death squads began targeting Sunni politicians and clerics. It also ignores the role that Iranian-backed Shiite groups had in death squad activities prior to the Samarra bombing.Blaming the start of sectarian violence in Iraq on the Golden Dome bombing risks policy errors because it underestimates the depth of sectarian hatred in Iraq and overlooks the conflict's root causes. The Bush account also fails to acknowledge that Iranian-backed Iraqi Shiite groups stoked the conflict.President Bush met at the White House in November with the head of one of those groups: Abdul Aziz al-Hakim of the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq. SCIRI's Badr Organization militia is widely reported to have infiltrated Iraq's security forces and to be involved in death squad activities.Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice recited Bush's history of events on Thursday in fending off angry questioning from Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., about why Rice had offered optimistic testimony about Iraq during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing in October 2005."The president has talked repeatedly now about the changed circumstances that we faced after the Samarra bombing of February `06, because that bombing did in fact change the character of the conflict in Iraq," Rice said. "Before that, we were fighting al-Qaida; before that, we were fighting some insurgents, some Saddamists."She cited the version again in an appearance later that day before the House Foreign Affairs Committee. "This is a direct result of al-Qaida activity," she said, asking House members not to consider Iraq's sectarian violence as evidence that Iraqis cannot live together.Bush's national security adviser Stephen Hadley used the same version of events in an appearance Sunday on NBC's "Meet the Press."Much like the administration's pre-war claims about Saddam's alleged ties to al-Qaida and purported nuclear weapons program, the claims about the bombing of the Shiite mosque in Samarra ignore inconvenient facts and highlight questionable but politically useful assumptions.No one disagrees that the February bombing of the Golden Dome shrine was a pivotal moment. In the days following the attack, armed Shiites stormed Sunni mosques and neighborhoods, killing hundreds. Baghdad's Sunni residents responded by arming themselves, and Sunni insurgents set off car bombs in Shiite neighborhoods. By October, the monthly death toll was reaching into the thousands.U.S. diplomats, reporters and military and intelligence officers began reporting that Shiite death squads were targeting Sunni clerics and former officials of Saddam Hussein's Sunni regime at least 15 months before the Samarra bombing. <> politics
I don't know <> I don't know.   Walter Reed Welcomes [?] College Republicans, Friday Evening, January 19, 2007                                           The George Washington University (GWU) College Republicans have scheduled a visit to the Wounded Warriors at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, D.C., this coming Friday evening, January 19. Money quotes:- - - - - -But the political cynicism prevalent on GW's campus and across our nation tells a different and more disturbing story. Like our parents in Vietnam, we have lost the will to fight, to make the sacrifices that are necessary to protect our country. We have substituted healthy patriotism and deep reverence for American traditions with petty protests and condemnations of our nation's highest leaders.- - - - - -Our generation has been courageous in combat, but the home front has yet to wholeheartedly endorse America's historic mission to transform the Middle East. Generation Y, which includes the GW student community, has denied the troops the steadfast support required for victory. Unless we vigorously defend the mission in Iraq, our country will again suffer a devastating defeat and its reputation will be irreparably damaged. We can't let this happen. With President Bush's recent proposal to commit more than 20,000 new American troops to Baghdad, our generation has an opportunity to renew its devotion to winning the war on terror and earn its billing as the new greatest generation. The GW College Republicans will do its part to answer this critical calling.We invite all students, regardless of party affiliation, to join us in visiting wounded American soldiers at Walter Reed Hospital this Friday night. While war is an understandable source of disagreement, we must transcend partisan divisions and facilitate broad-based support for the men and women of the armed forces. - - - - - -All visitors to Walter Reed are welcome (most especially young women). This includes veterans, ROTC/OCS/etc., and anyone not personally eligible to serve. Your support is greatly appreciated.However, if the best that the other male GWU College Republicans -- all healthy heterosexuals eligible to serve -- can do to answer this "critical calling" is visit our Wounded Warriors in the hospital, they might as well just stay home.Otherwise, they should be prepared for a real Wounded Warrior (already more of a man than any of them will ever be) to candidly and frankly urge the GWU College Republicans to Be A Man! Enlist! right there. Chickenhawk pussy excuses won't cut it, so why don't you do everyone a favor and let the female GWU College Republicans go by themselves? I think some of these dumb fucks need to go to Walter Reed and see their peers surviving Bush's war. But I think if they treat it like a freak show, or start in with Bushie bullshit, some of them are going to find how much a prostethic leg hurts when it kicks you in the ass.My hope is that they realize that their words are bullshit and the men and women they want to visit deserve dignity and respect. <> story
She wanted unemployment? <> She wanted unemployment?.Diary of a goof-off: No work, no pay A Des Moines woman details her idling on the job on her employer's computer.By CLARK KAUFFMANREGISTER STAFF WRITERJanuary 19, 2007A Des Moines hotel worker has been fired for using her employer's computer to keep a massive, detailed journal cataloging her efforts to avoid work.State records indicate that Emmalee Bauer, 25, of Elkhart was hired by the Sheraton hotel company in February 2005. During most of 2006, she worked at the company's Army Post Road location as a sales coordinator.At one point during her employment, Bauer was allegedly instructed to refrain from using company time to work on her personal, handwritten journal. Rather than stop writing at all, Bauer allegedly began using her work computer to keep the journal up to date."I am going to be typing all my thoughts instead of writing all day," wrote Bauer, according to portions of the journal that were entered into evidence at a recent state hearing dealing with Bauer's request for unemployment benefits. "That way, there isn't any way to tell for sure if I am working really hard or I am just goofing off."Over the next several months, Bauer composed a book-length journal of 300 single-spaced pages, describing in excruciating detail her dogged efforts to avoid any sort of work."This typing thing seems to be doing the trick," she wrote. "It just looks like I am hard at work on something very important."A supervisor discovered the journal late last year and fired Bauer for misuse of company time.Other journal entries, according to evidence presented at the hearing:- "I am going to sit right here and play Elf Bowling or some other nonsense. Once lunch is over, I will come right back to writing to piddle away the rest of the afternoon. ... I have almost 100 pages here! I wonder how long that's going to take to print?"- "I don't feel like doing a single worthwhile thing today. It's 11:00 and so far I have stuck to that. ... I have managed to waste half of the day doing nothing constructive. That isn't exactly an easy task, either."- "It's noon already and I don't feel like I have accomplished a damn thing. Accomplishment is overrated, anyway."Arrgh.She hated her job. Did she think her bosses weren't going to keep track of her work?You don't do this. She should have just quit, not hand her bosses 300 pages of evidence that she basically didn't perform her work. God, it makes my head hurt thinking about this level of stupidity. <> story
Racist pig speaks <> Racist pig speaks.Limbaugh: Classless Players Look Like Bloods and CripsPosted Jan 20th 2007 8:22PM by Michael David SmithIn 2003, Rush Limbaugh resigned from ESPN after creating a controversy with his comments that Donovan McNabb got too much credit because, he said, "The media has been very desirous that a black quarterback do well.'' Limbaugh no longer works as an NFL commentator, but his latest comments about football are sure to get more scrutiny.Limbaugh's web site includes the following two statements that he made on his Friday show:"There is a cultural problem in the NFL that has resulted in a total lack of class on the part of professional players. I love the game of football, but after every sack players are acting like they've won the Super Bowl; they're prancing around with these idiotic dances." and"Look, let me put it to you this way: the NFL all too often looks like a game between the Bloods and the Crips without any weapons. There, I said it."Limbaugh has a fair, legitimate point with his first statement. Limbaugh's "lack of class" comment is quite similar to LaDainian Tomlinson's comments after the Chargers lost to the Patriots, although we should add that Tomlinson's teammate Shawne Merriman is as guilty as anyone when it comes to prancing around with idiotic dances after sacks.Limbaugh undermines that legitimate point with his second statement, though. To compare NFL players to gang members is to display willful ignorance about the men who play in the league. Which of the top players in tomorrow's game act like gang members on the field? Peyton Manning and Marvin Harrison? Tom Brady and Richard Seymour? Drew Brees and Reggie Bush? Thomas Jones and Brian Urlacher? All of those players and nearly all of the 180 or so players on the four teams we'll watch tomorrow are class acts. If Limbaugh doesn't know that, he doesn't know much about football. Which leaves me still scratching my head, three years later, as to why ESPN hired him. <> story
Bush's fantasyland <> Bush's fantasyland.Yes, yes, we will make Iraq a democracy Bush Sends GIs to his Private FantasylandTo listen to Bush's speech on Wednesday, you would imagine that al-Qaeda has occupied large swathes of Iraq with the help of Syria and Iran and is brandishing missiles at the US mainland. That the president of the United States can come out after nearly four years of such lies and try to put this fantasy over on the American people is shameful.The answer to "al-Qaeda's" occupation of neighborhoods in Baghdad and the cities of al-Anbar is then, Bush says, to send in more US troops to "clear and hold" these neighborhoods.But is that really the big problem in Iraq? Bush is thinking in terms of a conventional war, where armies fight to hold territory. But if a nimble guerrilla group can come out at night and set off a bomb at the base of a large tenement building in a Shiite neighborhood, they can keep the sectarian civil war going. They work by provoking reprisals. They like to hold territory if they can. But as we saw with Fallujah and Tal Afar, if they cannot they just scatter and blow things up elsewhere.And the main problem is not "al-Qaeda," which is small and probably not that important, and anyway is not really Bin Laden's al-Qaeda. They are just Salafi jihadis who appropriated the name. When their leader, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, was killed, it didn't cause the insurgency to miss a beat. Conclusion: "al-Qaeda" is not central to the struggle. Izzat Ibrahim Duri and the Baath Party are probably the center of gravity of the resistance.Bush admitted that the Sunni guerrilla destruction of the Askariyah (Golden Dome) shrine at Samarra set off an orgy of sectarian reprisals. But he does not seem to have actually absorbed the lesson here. The guerrillas did not have to hold territory in order to carry out that bombing. They just had to be able to sneak into a poorly guarded old building that Bush did not even know about and blow it up. The symbolic and psychic damage that they did to the Shiites was profound. Blowing up hundreds of worshippers on Ashura had not had nearly this impact, since the damaged shrine was dedicated to the hidden Twelfth Imam or Mahdi, the Shiite promised one. Many religious Shiites in Iraq are now millenarians, desperately waiting for the Promised One to reveal himself and restore the world to justice. The guerrillas hit the symbol of that hope.There are other such targets. The Shrine of Imam Kadhim at Kadhimiya, the shrine of Ali in Najaf, and the shrine of Husayn in Karbala, and the person of Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani himself, also the person of Hujjat al-Islam Muqtada al-Sadr. (The arrogance and ignorance of the US chattering classes is such that they openly talk about "taking out" al-Sadr, as though that would calm the Iraqi Shiites down. Saddam thought like that when he offed Muqtada's father; didn't work.) The US and British military nevertheless seem set to attack the Mahdi Army. Investments in guarding those sites (the most exposed of which is Kahdimiya) would be worth far more than temporarily intimidating angry Sunnis who have picked up a gun in the Dura neighborhood of Baghdad.Bush could not help taking swipes at Iran and Syria. But the geography of his deployments gives the lie to his singling them out as mischief makers. Why send 4,000 extra troops to al-Anbar province? Why ignore Diyala Province near Iran, which is in flames, or Babel Province southwest of Baghdad? Diyala borders Iran, so isn't that the threat? But wait. Where is al-Anbar? Between Jordan and Baghdad. In other words, al-Anbar opens out into the vast Sunni Arab hinterland that supports the guerrilla movement with money and volunteers, coming in from Jordan. If Syria was the big problem, you would put the extra 4,000 troops up north along the border. If Iran was the big problem, you'd occupy Diyala. But little Jordan is an ally of the US, and Bush would not want to insult it by admitting that it is a major infiltration root for jihadis heading to Iraq.The clear and hold strategy is not going to work in al-Anbar. Almost everyone there hates the Americans and wants them out. To clear and hold you need a sympathetic or potentially sympathetic civilian population that is being held hostage by militants, and which you can turn by offering them protection from the militants. I don't believe there are very many Iraqi Sunnis who can any longer be turned in that way. The opinion polling suggests that they overwhelmingly support violence against the US.This strategy may have some successes here and there. It won't win the day, and I'd be surprised if it did not collapse by the end of the summer.If part of the strategy is to assault the Mahdi Army frontally, that will cause enormous trouble in the Shiite south. I would suggest that PM Nuri al-Maliki's warning to the Mahdi Militia to disarm or face the US military is in fact code. He is telling the Sadrists to lie low while the US mops up the Sunni Arab guerrillas. Sadr's militia became relatively quiescent for a whole year after the Marines defeated it at Najaf in August, 2004. But since it is rooted in an enormous social movement, the militia is fairly easy to reconstitute after it goes into hiding. <> politics
Weird weather cures <> Weird weather cures.                    Pull Up A Chair                         By: looseheadprop              Long ago when I was in law school there used to be a place on 57th Street and 3rd Avenue in NYC called Tommy Makems Irish Pavilion. Remember the traditional Irish music of Tommy Makem and the Clancy Brothers? That Tommy Makem. My aunts and my mothers cousins and my cousins used to make such a regular habit of being there on Thursday nights (there was live music Thursday through Sunday and Thursday was the least crowded) that there was a table permanently reserved for our family each Thursday. Depending on the route I took home, I might get off the subway at Lexington Ave. and walk over to 3rd to catch an express bus home and that would take me right past the Irish Pavilion. As you can imagine, I would often stop in of a Thursday to have a pint and say Hi to the fams. During my second year of law school I developed pneumonia but tried to keep on at school. I had been invited onto a law review and the workload from that in addition to my course work was crushing. I did not want to fall behind. One night, I was walking past the Irish Pavilion, too exhausted I thought to make it to 3rd Avenue and wondering if I had the strength to get home when I realized  it was Thursday! I went to the door of the Irish Pavilion, there was line out onto the pavement. But I shoved by a bit and caught the eye of Declan the matred . He took one look at me, all flushed and glassy eyed with fever, and pulled me in saying, Ill get Tommy. I went back to the family table and, thank heavens, there along with a mess of cousins and second cousins was my Aunt Vera. I was saved. A minute later, Tommy came out of the kitchen with a steaming mug, said you must do as you Uncle Tommy tells you now, and ordered me to drink its contents. Although Tommy was not really my uncle, he said it would save my life, so I sipped it down. I am still alive, so I guess he was right. The hot toddy recipe is one I have come back to for more colds, flus and bronchitis than you can shake a stick at. It never fails. In an Irish Coffee mug or similar container, put: 1 tablespoon of honey  1/6 of a lemon (no more, not less)  1 clove (stuck in the rind of the lemon. Avoid the temptation to add more cloves)  1 shot of Jamesons Irish Whiskey (Bushmills doesnt work as well, I cannot figure out why)  fill to the top with boiling water. Breathe the vapors until it is cool enough to sip. Then, sip and breathe until finished. You will feel so comforted and have the most restorative nights sleep. I have also used it prophylacticly to avoid illness when I have been soaked with icy mud during the odd early spring rugby match. There is nothing like the combination of hot bath and Tommys toddy to ward off the effects of the cold . So, now that it is colds and flu season and with the weird weather we have been having, maybe we should expect more, we may need lots more home remedies. What traditional remedies have you used in your family? For that matter, does anybody else have a great hot toddy recipe? How about a favorite cold weather meal recipe? Something for after the snow shoveling, or better still, something for those nights when you have to commute home in freezing rain? <> story
Idiot <> Idiot.Bill, meet a real bearO'Reilly: Abducted child "liked ... his circumstances," had "a lot more fun" than usual    On the January 15 edition of Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor, host Bill O'Reilly said of Shawn Hornbeck -- who was abducted at the age of 11, held for four years, and recently found in Missouri -- that "there was an element here that this kid liked about this circumstances" and that he "do[esn't] buy" "the Stockholm syndrome thing." O'Reilly also said: "The situation here for this kid looks to me to be a lot more fun than what he had under his old parents. He didn't have to go to school. He could run around and do whatever he wanted." When fellow Fox News host Greta Van Susteren pointed out that "[s]ome kids like school," O'Reilly replied: "Well, I don't believe this kid did."  The following day, during his "Talking Points Memo" segment, O'Reilly responded to viewer mail criticizing his comments about Hornbeck. O'Reilly concluded: "I hope he did not make a conscious decision to accept his captivity because" his kidnapper "made things easy for him. No school, play all day long."  O'Reilly frequently casts himself as a champion of children. He has also suggested that he is "looking out for the kids" and attacked "the print press" for not "car[ing] about the children."  From the January 16 edition of Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor:   O'REILLY: The kidnapping of those two boys should be front-page news in your house if you have kids. I actually hope I'm wrong about Shawn Hornbeck. I hope he did not make a conscious decision to accept his captivity because Devlin made things easy for him. No school, play all day long.  But to just chalk this up to brainwashing and walk away is turning away from the true danger of child molesters and abductors. All American children must be taught survival skills, must be prepared to face crisis situations. That is the lesson of the Shawn Hornbeck story. And that's the "Memo."   From the January 15 edition of Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor:   O'REILLY: "Impact" segment tonight, the disturbing case of the two kidnapped boys in Missouri. As you know, police found 15-year-old Shawn Hornbeck in an apartment of 41-year-old Michael Devlin last week, along with 13-year-old Ben Ownby. Both boys allegedly had been kidnapped by Devlin, who ran a pizza place in the town of Kirkwood. Shawn had been missing for four years.   And the question is, why didn't he escape when he could have? There are all kinds of theories about that. Joining us now from Washington, Greta Van Susteren, who has been out to Missouri reporting on the case.  All right, you know, the Stockholm syndrome thing, I don't buy it. I've never bought it. I didn't think it happened in the Patty Hearst case. I don't think it happened here.  [...]   O'REILLY: I'm not buying this. If you're 11 years old or 12 years old, 13, and you have a strong bond with your family, OK, even if the guy threatens you, this and that, you're riding your bike around, you got friends. The kid didn't go to school. There's all kinds of stuff. If you can get away, you get away. All right? If you're 11.   [...]   O'REILLY: This is what I believe happened in the Hearst case and in this case. The situation that Hearst found herself in was exciting. She had a boring life. She was a child of privilege. All of a sudden, she's in with a bunch of charismatic thugs, and she enjoyed it. The situation here for this kid looks to me to be a lot more fun than what he had under his old parents. He didn't have to go to school. He could run around and do whatever he wanted.  VAN SUSTEREN: Some kids like school.   O'REILLY: What?   VAN SUSTEREN: Some kids like school.   O'REILLY: Well, I don't believe this kid did. And I think when it all comes down, what's going to happen is, there was an element here that this kid liked about his circumstances.  [...]   VAN SUSTEREN: So you're playing that same sort of thinking to this 11-year-old to 15-year-old. You're thinking logically. You think to yourself, "Why didn't he leave?" That's what most people think. Frankly, I had that thought as well.   But I think you've got to remember that this is a child. He doesn't -- you know, for whatever reason, he may have, you know, wanted to be with his kidnapper. Maybe his kidnapper turned out to be, quote, "a nice guy" or whatever. But this is a kid, Bill. And I think we've got to wait till we get all the facts.   O'REILLY: All right.   VAN SUSTEREN: It may turn out -- you may turn out to be right. I don't know.  O'REILLY: I usually do. I usually -- that usually is what happens.  VAN SUSTEREN: Especially when you're the jury.   O'REILLY: If I'm wrong, Greta, I'll -- you know, we'll play this tape and you'll get your points.   VAN SUSTEREN: At this point, I simply don't know. But I'll wait for the facts.     O'REILLY: All right. Greta will have more, On the Record, 10 Eastern. Thanks, Greta, as always. This is bullshit.All that freak had to do was say he was going to kill his family and that's it.Fucking idiot O'Reilly <> story
Are you kidding? <> Are you kidding?.Didn't we try this?'Gated communities' planned for BaghdadNew U.S. strategy calls for creating zones of safety in the Iraqi capital, then working outward.By Julian E. Barnes, Times Staff WriterJanuary 11, 2007WASHINGTON  The military's new strategy for Iraq envisions creating "gated communities" in Baghdad  sealing off discrete areas and forcibly removing insurgents, then stationing American units in the neighborhood to keep the peace and working to create jobs for residents.The U.S. so far has found it impossible to secure the sprawling city. But by focusing an increased number of troops in selected neighborhoods, the military hopes it can create islands of security segregated from the chaos beyond.The gated communities plan has been tried  with mixed success  in other wars. In Vietnam, the enclaves were called "strategic hamlets" and were a spectacular failure. But counterinsurgency experts say such zones can work if, after the barriers are established, the military follows up with neighborhood sweeps designed to flush out insurgents and militia fighters.The strategy, described in broad terms by current and former Defense Department officials, is an attempt to re-create the success military units have had in smaller Iraqi cities, most notably Tall Afar.For the last two years, the military has been focused primarily on training Iraqi security forces. But under the new plan, the primary mission of American combat forces in Baghdad will be to protect Iraqis living in the city."In counterinsurgency, by now we have all figured out, the population is the prize," said a Defense official who, like others, spoke on condition of anonymity because details of the program are not final.Critics of the troop increase President Bush announced Wednesday have said the sheer size of Baghdad, with nearly 6 million people, makes it impossible to replicate the Tall Afar strategy. But counterinsurgency experts say the gated communities concept  a name taken from the walled-off suburban developments in America  is a way to concentrate troops on smaller sections of the capital."You do it neighborhood by neighborhood," said the Defense official. "Think of L.A. Let's say we take West Hollywood and gate it off. Or Anaheim. Or central Los Angeles. You control that area first and work out from there."A Baghdad neighborhood could be sealed off by using a highway or a river as a barrier, or by creating roadblocks and checkpoints between neighborhoods, counterinsurgency experts said.This is amazing.They keep citing the British in Malaya, but the chinese were a minority and the MRLA had little support outside their own community. Also, the British had many more soldiers than the MRLA. Even then the war took 12 years. <> politics
Bwaaaah <> Bwaaaah.You freakBOXER'S LOW BLOWJanuary 12, 2007 -- Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer, an appalling scold from California, wasted no time yesterday in dragging the debate over Iraq about as low as it can go - attacking Secre tary of State Condoleezza Rice for being a childless woman.Boxer was wholly in character for her party - New York's own two Democratic senators, Chuck Schumer and Hillary Rodham Clinton, were predictably opportunistic - but the Golden State lawmaker earned special attention for the tasteless jibes she aimed at Rice.Rice appeared before the Senate in defense of President Bush's tactical change in Iraq, and quickly encountered Boxer."Who pays the price? I'm not going to pay a personal price," Boxer said. "My kids are too old, and my grandchild is too young."Then, to Rice: "You're not going to pay a particular price, as I understand it, with an immediate family."Breathtaking.Simply breathtaking.We scarcely know where to begin.The junior senator from California ap parently believes that an accom plished, seasoned diplomat, a renowned scholar and an adviser to two presidents like Condoleezza Rice is not fully qualified to make policy at the highest levels of the American government because she is a single, childless woman. The same could be said for many people in government.But the fact is the Post wasn't outraged when Laura Bush said essentially the same thing. No more Ms. Nice Guy. Rice is saying more kids should die, and she doesn't even have a dog. People have stopped being polite.The fact is that Rice, as far as we know, has no lovers, close relatives or even social life. People are going to throw this in her face.If I were the Twins, I'd find my ass a 9-5 job quick. <> politics
The war was wrong <> The war was wrong.Kevin Drum, in trying to defend his support for the debable in Iraq when it started, makes an especially stupid analogyI'm not sure I see it. The fact that Iraq is a clusterfuck doesn't demonstrate that preemptive war is wrong any more than WWII demonstrated that wars using Sherman tanks are right. It's the wrong unit of analysis. After all, Iraq didn't fail because it was preemptive (though that didn't help); it failed either because George Bush is incompetent or because militarized nation building in the 21st century is doomed to failure no matter who does it. Preemption per se had very little to do with it, and the argument against preemptive war, which is as much moral as pragmatic, is pretty much the same today as it was in 2002. Kevin, Irvine has some really nice book stores. I suggest you hit them.First of all, using Shermans was wrong in WWII because they were death traps. But there was no other tank. So people fought and died in them.No, Iraq failed because ALL colonial wars fail. Stanley Karnow, Bernard Fall, Alistair Horne all have wonderful books which make this point. The Osprey series of monographs also help.But colonial warfare, whether you call it preemption or mission civilitrice, ends the same, with the locals trying to kill you.  If you read Thomas Pakenham, you would think colonial wars ended when the Europeans established colonies, but they never did. There was always a local rebellion or something until the Europeans left.Iraq failed because the US wanted to impose a government on the Iraqi people and they would rather follow Moqtada Sadr.  We could have predicted this, if we chose to. We did not.The war was wrong in 2002 and is wrong today. <> politics
Fucking Moron <> Fucking Moron.Sadly No has this upThe Surge Wont Work, But Concentration Camps Might Do The Trick    Posted at 11:53 by Retardo Montalban       Tacitus The Fascist: History never offers exact parallels, but it does have useful lessons. In assessing manning needs for Iraq, one would do well to look to prior conflicts of similar nature one might look especially to the Boer War, in which a fractious, semi-fanatical culture was slowly ground into submission by an occupying force  several years after the seeming success of the initial invasion. If it sounds familiar, it should: and so the means of victory there offer an instructive thought experiment for Iraq today. Make no mistake: those means were cruel. I have stated previously that I endorse cruel things in war  to eschew them is folly. The British achieved victory over the Boers by taking their women and children away to concentration camps, by laying waste to the countryside, and by dotting the veld with small garrisons in blockhouses at regular intervals. The men who remained were hindered in their movements by the wire stretching from blockhouse to blockhouse (a phenomenon that the Morice Line experience has shown would be massively more effective now); they could either surrender or die. Absent women and children, the rules of engagement were lax. From implementation to victory took under 18 months. To accomplish this required over one-quarter million soldiers. [My emphasis; batshit Nazified desires from the heart of darkness in original.]  And just think, if he wasnt too crazy for the Army as well as a shitbird boy, he could spearhead the stormtrooper job with his cool lightsaber!  Anyway, great, Tacky: With your latest suggestion, youve just equalled Adam Put them in human-sized  microwaves Yoshida in the great Flagrant Displays of Psychopathy contest so many wingnuts have entered. Bradrocket adds: Hey, but at least he doesnt use filthy language.  That makes him a perfect candidate to be a regular columnist at Time. .So, this fucking mental case wants to lock up people in their own country in concentration camps? Well, the NRA has one point, an amed populace is one which can resist such idiocy. I'm sure they would all go quietly.He needs to up his meds. Because he's so fucking stupid that he doesn't realize Iraq is an urban society. Morice Line? Algeria had a vast rural area and long borders. The Boer War? Much of South Africa is rural.Where would you put this Morice Line? Across Baghdad?God, what idiocy. <> politics
When the law doesn't work, try blackmail <> When the law doesn't work, try blackmail.White House Tries Economic Pressure on Lawyers Representing Guantanamo Detainees  I'm sorry, but this is just disgusting. Now that there's a real chance that the might lose in the courts, the White House is trying to put the economic screws on lawyers representing Guantanamo detainees.  This radio interview with Cully Stimson, a Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, heralds the start of an organized campaign by the White House to encourage major law firm clients to pressure those firms to drop their pro-bono representation of Guantanamo detainees.  The Washington Post had a forceful editorial about this today, which says almost everything that needs saying:MOST AMERICANS understand that legal representation for the accused is one of the core principles of the American way. Not, it seems, Cully Stimson, deputy assistant secretary of defense for detainee affairs. In a repellent interview yesterday with Federal News Radio, Mr. Stimson brought up, unprompted, the number of major U.S. law firms that have helped represent detainees at Guantanamo Bay."Actually you know I think the news story that you're really going to start seeing in the next couple of weeks is this: As a result of a FOIA [Freedom of Information Act] request through a major news organization, somebody asked, 'Who are the lawyers around this country representing detainees down there,' and you know what, it's shocking," he said.Mr. Stimson proceeded to reel off the names of these firms, adding, "I think, quite honestly, when corporate CEOs see that those firms are representing the very terrorists who hit their bottom line back in 2001, those CEOs are going to make those law firms choose between representing terrorists or representing reputable firms, and I think that is going to have major play in the next few weeks. And we want to watch that play out."Asked who was paying the firms, Mr. Stimson hinted of dark doings. "It's not clear, is it?" he said. "Some will maintain that they are doing it out of the goodness of their heart, that they're doing it pro bono, and I suspect they are; others are receiving monies from who knows where, and I'd be curious to have them explain that."It might be only laughable that Mr. Stimson, during the interview, called Guantanamo "certainly, probably, the most transparent and open location in the world."But it's offensive -- shocking, to use his word -- that Mr. Stimson, a lawyer, would argue that law firms are doing anything other than upholding the highest ethical traditions of the bar by taking on the most unpopular of defendants. It's shocking that he would seemingly encourage the firms' corporate clients to pressure them to drop this work. And it's shocking -- though perhaps not surprising -- that this is the person the administration has chosen to oversee detainee policy at Guantanamo.  It's true that the list of law firms donating time to representing the victims of torture, humiliation (and a total lack of due process) at Guantanamo reads a bit like a who's who of the elite of the corporate bar. And they deserve credit for it.  I'd just add one thing: the first firm to cave on this issue is going to find it awfully hard to recruit elite law students, as they will have demonstrated a serious lack of moral fiber. If you won't stand up for your most desperate clients, what kind of firm are you?     If they can blackmail you over Gitmo, they can blackmail you over ANY client. <> politics
We oppose the war <> We oppose the war.Kevin Drum has the following upLATEST POLL DATA....Public support for the war has pretty much cratered:   As he seeks to chart a new course in Iraq, Bush also faces pervasive resistance and skepticism toward the U.S. commitment -- more than three-fifths [62%] of those surveyed said the war was not worth fighting.   ....Asked about Bush's recent announcement that he would dispatch another 21,500 troops to Iraq, three-fifths [60%] said they opposed the move, while just over one-third [36%] backed it.   ....A narrow majority -- 51% -- want Congress to try to block Bush from sending more troops to Iraq.   ....Americans divide in similar proportions when asked whether Congress should attempt to require Bush "to begin withdrawing the troops already in Iraq."   Exactly half said Congress should take steps to begin removing troops (42% opposed such an effort).Somebody remind me. How long did it take before public opinion turned this sharply against the Vietnam War?(Answer: It's a trick question. Opposition reached 61% in 1971 but never exceeded that number. The Iraq war is now more unpopular than the Vietnam War ever was.) <> politics
Black life means nothing  to Lieberman <> Black life means nothing  to Lieberman.                        Pride Trumps All                                       By Jane Hamsher @ 1:14 pm                                As CL says, people need to speak out about this:  Sen. Joe Lieberman,  the only Democrat to endorse President Bushs new plan for Iraq, has quietly backed away from his pre-election demands that the White House turn over potentially embarrassing documents relating to its handling of the Hurricane Katrina disaster in New Orleans. Senator Joe Lieberman has just taken the very surprising step of revealing to Newsweek that he will not use his chairmanship on the Homeland Security committee to aggressively probe the government's catastrophic failings in the wake of Hurricane Katrina.  There's no excuse for this other than to spit in the face of Democrats who Joe doesn't feel supported him in his moment of need, because after all that is what is most important in the situation. How does his good friend Mary Landrieu, who showed up in CT to campaign for him, feel? Digby calls him "a vindictive old prick."  I think that puts it mildly.          When black people die, Joe Lierberman simply does not care.People need to put it to him like this directly? Sen. Lieberman, are you a racist? Do dead black people simply mean nothing to you? <> politics
The Hamilton Rule <> The Hamilton Rule.Alexander Hamilton  President Schwarzenegger -- a potential blockbusterPOSTED: 5:27 p.m. EST, January 18, 2007By Bill SchneiderCNN Senior Political AnalystWASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Schwarzenegger -- how does that sound?Some people think it sounds pretty good. But don't we have enough people running for president next year?According to CNN's tabulation, four Democrats are already running. One is exploring. Seven others are thinking about it. The Republican list is even longer. Eight Republicans are exploring. Six are thinking. That makes 26 potential candidates.The editors of The Los Angeles Times think there's room for one more."Why should Californians have their governor sidelined from the race?'' the Los Angeles Times asked in a January 14 editorial. "And why can't voters across the country be entrusted to decide for themselves whether the governor of California is sufficiently 'American' to earn their vote? It's insulting really.''The reason is Article II of the United States Constitution which reads, "No person except a natural-born citizen . . . shall be eligible to the Office of President.''It's in there because John Jay, the presiding officer of the Constitutional Convention, wrote a letter to George Washington in 1787 arguing that the commander-in-chief of the United States Army should not be anyone but a natural-born American. The Founders were worried about ambitious foreigners taking over the country; as in Poland, which -- at the time -- had just been partitioned between Austria, Prussia and Russia.That's not exactly a problem for the United States today. Yet the provision remains in the Constitution, barring naturalized citizens like Henry Kissinger and Madeleine Albright from ever becoming President.And Austrian-born Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.Amending the Constitution to drop the provision has been proposed before.In the 1993 movie, "Demolition Man,'' about a police officer who was cryogenically frozen and thawed out in 2032, it was a joke."Stop! He was president?" asked the incredulous officer, played by Sylvester Stallone, was when his lieutenant, played by Sandra Bullock, told him to go to the Schwarezenegger Library to gather evidence."Yes," the lieutenant replied. "Even though he was not born in this country, his popularity at the time caused the 61st amendment, which states that even . . . ''"I don't want to know,'' the officer interrupted. "President?''But the Times canvassed California's congressional delegation to find out how many would support a Constitutional amendment allowing naturalized citizens to become President. Six out of eight Republicans who responded said "yes." Democrats were more closely split -- 9 yes, 7 no.Jen   Yes, I think the President should be born in America. As far as the Rethugs who are supporting changing the Constitution go, let's see how happy they are when they get their President Hernandez or Garcia.No Bill, it was because the other founding fathers hated Hamilton.Maybe it's me, but at a time Tom Tancredo wants to strip citizenship from people born in this country, why should California's idiot governor get a break <> politics
Where is Hillary? <> Where is Hillary?.Is Hillary Clinton going to oppose the war or not?Writing statements no longer count. There is no middle of the road. Bush is planning a preemptive war against Iran with NO congressional approval. It's either oppose Bush now, or when Iraq is in flames killing Americans .And by oppose, I mean call for a withdrawal of US troops before Bush gets them killedSo is Hillary going to do the right thing, or triangulate some more? <> politics
So who did this? <> So who did this?.REUTERS/Mahmoud Raouf Mahmoud  (IRAQ)               Disguises Used in Attack on TroopsGunmen Infiltrated Secured Iraqi Site, Killing 5 AmericansBy Ernesto LondooWashington Post Staff WriterMonday, January 22, 2007; Page A01BAGHDAD, Jan. 21 -- The armored sport-utility vehicles whisked into a government compound in the city of Karbala with speed and urgency, the way most Americans and foreign dignitaries travel along Iraq's treacherous roads these days.Iraqi guards at checkpoints waved them through Saturday afternoon because the men wore what appeared to be legitimate U.S. military uniforms and badges, and drove cars commonly used by foreigners, the provincial governor said.Once inside, however, the men unleashed one of the deadliest and most brazen attacks on U.S. forces in a secure area. Five American service members were killed in a hail of grenades and gunfire in a breach of security that Iraqi officials called unprecedented.The attack, which lasted roughly 20 minutes, came on a day when the United States lost at least 20 other troops, including a dozen in a helicopter crash, making it the third most lethal day for American forces in Iraq.Meanwhile, the military announced the arrival of 3,200 troops of the 82nd Airborne Division's 2nd Brigade Combat Team, the first unit to reach Baghdad as part of a 21,500-troop increase that the Bush administration hopes will restore order in the violent capital."Soldiers from the 82nd come to us ready to engage in a wide variety of operations in support of the Iraqi Baghdad Security Plan," Lt. Gen. Raymond T. Odierno, the second-ranking U.S. commander in Iraq, said in a statement. "The brigade adds operational flexibility that will assist in securing the population."U.S. military officials said Sunday that they could not discuss the attack in Karbala in detail because it remained under investigation. But they said the version of events provided by the governor's office was consistent with their preliminary findings.After arriving at the Provincial Joint Coordination Center in Karbala, 60 miles southwest of Baghdad, the attackers detonated sound bombs, Iraqi officials said. "They wanted to create a panic situation," said an aide to Karbala Gov. Akeel al-Khazaali, who described the events with the governor's permission but on condition of anonymity because he fears reprisals.The men then stormed into a room where Americans and Iraqis were making plans to ensure the safety of thousands of people expected to visit the holy city for an upcoming holiday."They didn't target anyone but the American soldiers," the governor's aide said.After the attack, the assailants returned to their vehicles and drove away. It was unclear how many people participated, and the men's identities and motive remained unclear, but the attack was particularly striking because of the resources and sophistication involved, Iraqi officials said.So who sent this message? AQ? The Mahdi Army? the Revolutionary Guards? Someone who needs to understand that the US is vunerable.The uniforms and money spent indicates someone with time to spare. I would hope dunderhead Odierno would realize that all hell could follow at the choosing of some party.Because if the Mahdi Army is this slick, God help our troops. <> politics
Dear Max <> Dear Max.Max,A man often has to be stripped of his delusions, especially when creating heroes. But  unless I'm confused, both the Weathermen and Panthers had their roots in SDS and SNCC. And I would say when you get into the bomb and gun business, you've slipped into terrorism.And, Max, some of the netroots started out as campaign consultants and others HAVE morphed into them. Which sort of undercuts your point, but that's OK. They've chosen to do that. Not my choice, but it's there.I hate to tell you, but American politics has always been shallow. Mistresses, bastard kids, religion have always had a role, just like Obama's name and Kerry's personality. Thomas Jefferson was dogged with rumors of his having a black mistress.You seem to have this fantasy that political power comes from some combination of good intentions and honesty The fact is that the left, from the Greens down to Avakian's bunch, have either debated everything to death or created a cult of personality. I don't think you know what political power is. I mean, you have an idea of what it is, but you don't really get how it works, because it's all theory to you.Let's say you want a parking spot outside your store. A mundane thing, but people need them. How do you get it?  You can apply for one, or you can call the mayor, who you supported and ask him for help.  That's power in action, getting things done. If you haven't noticed, Labor's power to affect it's own fate has been limited over the years, and decades of GOP rule has limited their power.Oh, and did you forget that labor during George Meany was right tilting, supporting the war and Nixon?  That started the trend towards limiting labor's power, a self-inflicted wound.Max, I'm 42 years old. I know talking about Marx not only bores the shit out of people, it marks you as a less than serious person. It isn't anti-intellectualism, but a simple fact that the Beatles recognized nearly 40 years ago.  You don't win people over by discussing theory, but by delivering for them.And what you describe as "leaderless groups" aren't leaderless. They just don't need a Nader to tell them to do what they need to do.I think people on the left fear leadership from below. They talk a good game of it, but they don't want some housewife telling them what to do. They recoil when they meet the Cindy Sheehans of the world, they sneer at the Michael Moores.  They try to hide their elitism and classist views with talk of solidarity.Max, this isn't a big institution, it's people's lives. When your pet theories fail, people pay for it.  The netroots, and that's actually an idea I find slightly overblown, is not about a movement, but people trying to better their own lives without waiting for permission to do so. <> misc
Nothing like Vietnam <> Nothing like Vietnam.The jihad now is against the Shias, not the Americans'As 20,000 more US troops head for Iraq, Ghaith Abdul-Ahad, the only correspondent reporting regularly from behind the country's sectarian battle lines, reveals how the Sunni insurgency has changedSaturday January 13, 2007The GuardianAn Iraqi man who was stopped by US troops while driving a car loaded with weapons in Ramadi, a Sunni-dominated area, is questioned by soldiersAn Iraqi man who was stopped by US troops while driving a car loaded with weapons in Ramadi, a Sunni-dominated area, is questioned by soldiers. Photograph: Chris Hondros/Getty ImagesOne morning a few weeks ago I sat in a car talking to Rami, a thick-necked former Republican Guard commando who now procures arms for his fellow Sunni insurgents.Rami was explaining how the insurgency had changed since the first heady days after the US invasion. "I used to attack the Americans when that was the jihad. Now there is no jihad. Go around and see in Adhamiya [the notorious Sunni insurgent area] - all the commanders are sitting sipping coffee; it's only the young kids that are fighting now, and they are not fighting Americans any more, they are just killing Shia. There are kids carrying two guns each and they roam the streets looking for their prey. They will kill for anything, for a gun, for a car and all can be dressed up as jihad."Rami was no longer involved in fighting, he said, but made a tidy profit selling weapons and ammunition to men in his north Baghdad neighbourhood. Until the last few months, the insurgency got by with weapons and ammunition looted from former Iraqi army depots. But now that Sunnis were besieged in their neighbourhoods and fighting daily clashes with the better-equipped Shia ministry of interior forces, they needed new sources of weapons and money.He told me that one of his main suppliers had been an interpreter working for the US army in Baghdad. "He had a deal with an American officer. We bought brand new AKs and ammunition from them." He claimed the American officer, whom he had never met but he believed was a captain serving at Baghdad airport, had even helped to divert a truckload of weapons as soon as it was driven over the border from Jordan.These days Rami gets most of his supplies from the new American-equipped Iraqi army. "We buy ammunition from officers in charge of warehouses, a small box of AK-47 bullets is $450 (230). If the guy sells a thousand boxes he can become rich and leave the country." But as the security situation deteriorates, Rami finds it increasingly difficult to travel across Baghdad. "Now I have to pay a Shia taxi driver to bring the ammo to me. He gets $50 for each shipment." <> story
A real GI Bill <> A real GI Bill.Bob Geiger has this up      Webb Does More For Troops in One Day Than Allen Did In Years                                  Keeping a promise he made on the campaign trail in 2006, Senator Jim Webb (D-VA) did more for the troops in Iraq and Afghanistan on his first day in the Senate than the man he ousted, George Felix Allen, did in the entire previous Congress.Going unnoticed in the frenzy of Democrats assuming control of Capitol Hill and George W. Bush seeking to plunge the country deeper into the Iraq quagmire, Webb introduced the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2007, legislation that will provide the newest Veterans with educational benefits like those received by men and women who served in the three decades following World War II."As a veteran who hails from a family with a long history of military service, I am proud to offer this bill as my first piece of legislation in the United States Senate," said Webb, in introducing his bill last week. "The G.I. bill program was designed to help veterans readjust to civilian life, avoid high levels of unemployment, and give veterans the opportunity to receive the education and training that they missed while bravely serving in the military."Webb, a former Secretary of the Navy and a highly-decorated Vietnam Veteran, introduced his legislation to provide enhanced benefits to those serving in the military since September 11, 2001. It will replace the Montgomery G.I. Bill, to which military personnel must contribute -- while earning a low active-duty salary anyway -- and which only provides financial support of up to $800 per month for educational expenses, which may not cover the cost of a full college education.The Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act will pay for Veterans' tuition, books, fees, and other training costs, while also providing a monthly stipend of $1,000 for living expenses, thus making it much more possible for a large number of Veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan to actually be able to complete a college education and build a better life."The United States has never erred when it has made sustained new investments in higher education and job training," said Webb. "Enacting the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2007 is not only the right thing to do for our men and women in uniform, but it also is a strong tonic for an economy plagued by growing disparities in wealth, stagnant wages, and the outsourcing of American jobs."Webb also pointed out that Veterans have enough adjustments to make upon returning to civilian society and those who went into the military in part to get a college education and better their lot in life, deserve the country's support in realizing educational opportunity without additional hardship."Better-educated veterans have a more positive readjustment experience," said Webb, who earned a Navy Cross, Silver Star, two Bronze Stars, and two Purple Hearts for his Vietnam service. "This experience lowers the costs of treating post-traumatic stress disorder and other readjustment-related difficulties."Saying that the limited Montgomery G.I. Bill is "simply insufficient after 9/11," Webb made the case that the extreme adversity, sacrifice and risk endured by those serving in today's military makes providing greater Veterans benefits a matter of fairness and national honor."Now our nation is fighting a worldwide war against terrorism. Since 9/11, we have witnessed a sharp increase in the demands placed upon our military," said Webb. "Many of our military members are serving two or three tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan. In light of these immense hardships, it is now time to implement a more robust educational assistance program for our heroic veterans who have sacrificed so much for our great Nation."Within the text of Webb's legislation it says that "the people of the United States greatly value military service and recognize the difficult challenges involved in readjusting to civilian life after wartime service in the Armed Forces." Quick passage of this legislation will show that a Democratic Congress truly does value the troops and that the Commonwealth of Virginia -- which is home to a large number of Veterans -- was wise to elect Webb to replace Allen, who did nothing like this while a member of the do-nothing GOP Congress.And Webb's going to be there to keep reminding people that patriotism involves supporting the troops in deeds, as well as with words and magnetic ribbons on cars."I am a proud Veteran who is honored to serve this great nation," said Webb on his first day as a United States Senator. "As long as I represent Virginians in the United States Senate, I will make it a priority to help protect our brave men and women in uniform."* * * * *A Personal Postscript: I had a difficult time adjusting when I was discharged from the military and, while I had to work most of the time I spent at San Francisco State University, I was fortunate to be able to attend five years of college on the old G.I. Bill that Webb's legislation will restore.Having the ability to quickly and easily go from the U.S. Navy straight into being a normal college student, enabled everything I have achieved since. I can also tell you that, being the only person in my family to ever get a college degree, the U.S. government has been paid back many times over in the salary I have been able to earn in my career and the corresponding taxes I have paid -- compared to what I would have contributed to the U.S. Treasury as a manual laborer back home in rural Nebraska.A robust G.I. Bill set the tone for my adult life and Webb's bill will pave the way for a new generation of Veterans to get the same kick-start to a healthy post-military life. The GI Bill changed who ran America.Before WWII, going to college was a matter of luck or money. For most people it was impossible.How diverse were the changes? Bob Dole went to law school. George Plimpton founded the Paris Review. Charles Rangel, John Conyers and David Obey are among the beneficiaries of the GI currently serving in Congress.The current, meager GI Bill does little to help veterans become productive members of society. The old GI Bill allowed for class mobility unlike we have ever seen. <> politics
Jesus <> Jesus. A Runaway Situation in Seattle9-Year-Old Gets Past Airport Security and Flies to TexasBy Blaine HardenWashington Post Staff WriterFriday, January 19, 2007; Page A03SEATTLE, Jan. 18 -- Weighing in at 80 pounds and standing 4 feet 9 inches tall, Semaj Booker has established himself as a regional heavyweight in the pre-adolescent sport of sneaking out of the house.He could be the most persistent, most creative and most publicized 9-year-old runaway in the history of the Pacific Northwest. As his mother says, he really hates it here.Semaj can drive a stolen car 90 mph while leading a police chase, as he demonstrated Sunday. The chase ended only after he blew the engine on a 1986 Acura swiped from a neighbor who had left the car unlocked and running. The boy then refused to get out of the car, which he had crashed into a tree.Police had to break a car window, grab him and take him back to his mother's apartment in Lakewood, a gritty working-class suburb near Tacoma. This was his third stolen car in the past month, according to his mother, who said he learned how to drive playing video games.The morning after the car crash, Semaj came up with a new, improved runaway scheme -- one that would transport him to Texas free of charge, get him on all-news cable television and prompt a local congressman to ask angry questions about how a kid could outfox a major airline and slip through federal airport security.Early Monday, the boy managed to sneak out of his house and travel about 50 miles to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. Police speculate he hitched a ride or stole another car.His mother, Sakinah Booker, who is single and has three other boys, reported him missing at 7:30 a.m., but had no idea where he had gone. She later told reporters that Semaj loathes his life in Washington state, has tried to run away nine times since moving to the region less than a year ago and is "seeking a strong male figure" back in his former home state of Texas. His grandfather lives in Dallas.At the Sea-Tac airport, Semaj did not have a reservation, nor did he have a means of buying a ticket. But he single-handedly conned Southwest Airlines and the federal Transportation Security Administration into allowing him to board a flight to San Antonio via Phoenix.And that has annoyed Rep. Norm Dicks (D-Wash.), in whose district Semaj reluctantly lives."We have spent millions of dollars and inconvenienced the American public mightily trying to make air travel safe," Dicks said. "If a 9-year-old can exploit this security system, we are going to have to look into the procedureNeeds a male authority figure? Seems mom fucked that up.How the hell can a 9 year old drive to the airport? How can he leave the house without mom knowing?He's a very bright kid, but he's gonna kill himself and others because his mom is unable to step in and do her job. <> story
Be greatful, Iraqis <> Be greatful, Iraqis.A video provided to Reuters by HamourabiHuman rights group shows bodies being loaded onto a truck in Haditha in November of 2005. The U.S. military charged a Marine squad leader with 13 counts of murder in the killings last yearof unarmed civilians in Haditha, one of the man'sdefense lawyers said on Thursday. (Hammurabi Organisation via Reuters TV/Reuters)Today's Bush Translation: Why Aren't The Iraqis More Grateful? by litigatormomThis is from the 60 Minutes interview I missed to watch 24, where people make logical decisions and they blow shit up. PELLEY: Do you think you owe the Iraqi people an apology for not doing a better job?   BUSH: That we didn't do a better job or they didn't do a better job?  PELLEY: Well, that the United States did not do a better job in providing security after the invasion.   BUSH: Not at all. I am proud of the efforts we did. We liberated that country from a tyrant. I think the Iraqi people owe the American people a huge debt of gratitude, and I believe most Iraqis express that. I mean, the people understand that we've endured great sacrifice to help them. That's the problem here in America. They wonder whether or not there is a gratitude level that's significant enough in Iraq.   PELLEY: Americans wonder whether . . .  BUSH: Yeah, they wonder whether or not the Iraqis are willing to do hard work necessary to get this democratic experience to survive. That's what they want.   Is he out of his mind? <> politics
This isn't in the plans for the Kurds <> This isn't in the plans for the Kurds. Draft Law Keeps Central Control Over Oil in IraqBy JAMES GLANZPublished: January 20, 2007BAGHDAD, Jan. 19  After months of tense bargaining, a cabinet-level committee has produced a draft law governing Iraqs vast oil fields that would distribute all revenues through the federal government and grant Baghdad wide powers in exploration, development and awarding major international contracts.The draft, described Friday by several members of the committee, could still change and must be approved by the Iraqi cabinet and Parliament before it becomes law. Negotiations have veered off track in the past, and members of the political and sectarian groups with interest in the law could still object as they read it more closely.But if approved in anything close to its present form, the law would appear to settle a longstanding debate over whether the oil industry and its revenues should be overseen by the central government or the regions dominated by Kurds in the north and Shiite Arabs in the south, where the richest oil fields are located.The draft comes down firmly on the side of central oversight, a decision that advocates for Iraqs unity are likely to trumpet as a triumph. Because control of the oil industry touches so directly on the interests of all Iraqs warring sectarian groups, and therefore the future of the country, the proposed law has been described as the most critical piece of pending legislation.This will give us the basis of the unity of this country, said Ali Baban, the Iraqi planning minister and a member of the Sunni-dominated Tawafaq party who serves on the negotiating committee. We pushed for the center in Baghdad, but we didnt neglect the Kurds and other regions, Mr. Baban said.They may smile and go along, but the Kurds want Kirkuk and the oil <> politics
Duh <> Duh.Lucas Jackson/ReutersSelling a Wii console at a Toys R Us in November. Older consoles had a surprisingly strong December.Demand Outpaced Supply for New Game ConsolesBy MATT RICHTELPublished: January 12, 2007SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 11  The Xbox 360 outsold the Wii, which outsold the PlayStation 3.That in a nutshell is how the crucial holiday shopping season went for the video game industrys latest consoles. But that battle does not tell the whole story of a curious December.Over all, the industry sold $3.7 billion of hardware, software and accessories in the United States last month, up from $2.9 billion in the same period a year ago. For the full year, sales were $12.5 billion, the industrys highest-ever returns, according to widely watched figures released Thursday by NPD Group, a market research firm.During December, Sony in particular turned in surprisingly strong sales  but not for its new PlayStation 3.In a development that industry analysts said speaks to the strength of the video-game market and the lure of low prices, the nations best-selling console during the holiday season was Sonys PlayStation 2, a six-year-old system.Americans bought 1.4 million PlayStation 2s during the period. That was more than the Xbox 360, which sold 1.1 million units; the Nintendo Wii, which sold 604,000; and the PlayStation 3, which sold 491,000.The sales figures for the PlayStation 3, and in particular the Wii, fell below the expectations of industry analysts.The biggest surprise is the Wii, said Mike Hickey, a research analyst with Janco Partners. He said analysts had projected Nintendo would sell around 1.2 million, twice what they wound up selling. Mr. Hickey and other analysts had estimated Sony would sell 500,000 to 600,000 PlayStation 3s and Microsoft would sell 1.1 million to 1.3 million 360s.But for Sony and Nintendo, the trouble was not demand but supply, Mr. Janco said. It probably means that Nintendo missed its goal of shipping four million Wiis worldwide by the end of the year, he said. <> story
Beckham in America <> Beckham in America.David BeckhamA Soccer Star Heeds Lure of HollywoodBy LYNN ZINSER and SARAH LYALLDavid Beckham has never been simply a sports star. He is a brand, and one who briefly lived at the spot where fashion, celebrity and soccer met. The soccer component of that equation has eroded, but his star power still reverberates worldwide, so much that Major League Soccer has lured Beckham to Los Angeles.Beckham will make the move from Real Madrid, the most glamorous team in Europe, and the United States top professional soccer league will try to cash in on his celebrity appeal  and perhaps that of his wife, Victoria, the former Posh Spice of the Spice Girls pop group.The Los Angeles Galaxy announced the move yesterday, saying that Beckham would make $250 million over the five years of his deal, including endorsement income; the team did not release his actual salary from the club. Beckham will join the Galaxy after his contract with Real Madrid expires on June 30, coming to a league that has struggled for 11 years to gain prominence on the American sports landscape.For Beckham, whose time as a world-class midfielder has passed, the move may be a savvy exit strategy from the intense European soccer spotlight. The British news media, ever eager to pounce on weakness, have been particularly savage about Posh and Becks, as they are called in Britain, since his meager performance as Englands captain in the World Cup last summer.Although at 31 he is a step or more behind the worlds elite players, he still has a deft right foot that serves him especially well on free kicks and crosses. That, coupled with his celebrity, may be enough to capture the attention of sports fans in the United States  even if some of them know his name only from Bend It Like Beckham, a 2002 film whose title played on his pop-icon status.We want people around the water cooler talking about M.L.S., Don Garber, the leagues commissioner, said. But David Beckham is not going to bring soccer to the next level in this country. Its going to take a lot of things, but I hope his arrival will be an important step.The move had been long rumored. Beckham and his wife opened a soccer academy in 2005 at the Home Depot Center in Carson, Calif., which is also the Galaxys home stadium. The M.L.S. board of governors voted in November to relax salary restrictions and allow each team to sign one player for any amount. The rule became widely known as the Beckham Rule.David Beckham wouldnt make that kind of money in Europe, Bill Girdner, 56, a soccer fan, said yesterday at Lucky Baldwins English Pub in Pasadena, Calif.The other thing is jerseys is the way teams make a lot of money these days, he said of the potential marketing windfall Beckham brings.Beckham emerged as an international sports star in the 1990s during his tenure with Manchester United of Englands Premier League. As long as he kicked the ball into the net with that golden right foot, his fans could forgive his excesses: the outfits that ranged from sarongs to leather suits to store-ripped designer jeans and shirts open to the waist; the smirking ads for razorblades, sunglasses and perfume; the sulking and occasional histrionics; the fancy parties and A-list friends.It's weird. I can describe the intricacies of civil war in Iraq off the top of my head. But it took me all day to consider this.First, let's understand something, David Beckham, while in decline, could have stayed in Europe and had nine teams after him. Beckham, unlike Bonds or Jordan, was always regarded as a team player.Was he the best player of his time? Hell no. But he is the guy who made Man U work and brought them championships. He grew up in the ManU system and was a lifelong fan. Trading him to Real Madrid really marked the end of his club career, stuck on a team with too many stars and too much money.And maybe only Pele has been a better ambassador for the sport. He has been eager to work with kids, and his team tours put tons of money in both ManU and Real's pockets when they hit the US and Asia.Oddly, what drove people nuts about him was not his lifestyle, but his bad decision making on the pitch in international games. Time and again, Beckham would lose his temper or mak a bad decision and cost England a crucial game. But despite his off-pitch lifestyle, he was no prima donna on it.Sure, he was the guy who defined metrosexual, but he got away with it because people knew that when it came crunch time, he was there.Unlike the NASL, the MSL is in a far different position, with players already migrating to Europe. It didn't need Beckham to grow, but it needs Beckham to transform. And Beckham is leaving Europe when he still has some skills.Beckham has long wanted to come to the US, not because he wanted the money, he has tons of endorsement deals which will go long beyond his time on the pitch, but because he can be an ambassador for soccer in the US.What Beckham wants to do is sell soccer to the people who play it, but drop the sport and help raise the level of the youth game. I mean, if he wanted to play in Europe, he could. But the fact is that he can make his biggest impact by moving soccer to the next level.He cannot do this alone, but as the level of play in MSL grows, he can help it gain exposure. <> misc
What are people afraid of? <> What are people afraid of?.Chris Bowers has a post up on the most recent attack on the Netroots, but he misses a point about the genesis of this.It's funny to see people worried about the intellectual forment of the Netroots. It's kind of like worrying if your boss wears pink socks.The power of people on the Internet is that they can act to preserve their own interests. The Internet is a tool which makes communication easier. It isn't a panacea nor does it create its own structures. The only value of the net, for most people, is a way to make connections.Until very recently, there was a lot of concern about the engagement of the American people in politics. They didn't vote, they weren't interested in politics. But technology can liberate and strengthen people because they can work together without the endless debate which occurs in meetings.It also allows for goal-centered activism.What I think Chris doesn't get, or a lot of the younger people who blog is this: they don't like outsiders. Look at the structure of liberal activist groups. By their hiring practices, they exclude the average American. These people have invested their careers in this structure and have benefitted from it. The last thing they want to deal with is an Ohio housewife who wants a voice in national politics. They want to tell her what to think, not to listen to her ideas. She isn't a member of the club, no matter how smart she is.You have people who's recent record makes the Knicks look like champions attacking what has worked. They have a better way for you to succeed when you have and they haven't. The whole canard of anti-intellectualism is basically "Shut up, meathead" for the 21st Century. Because it isn't an intellectual argument, but one of class. You're stupid because you are not part of them. Not because your arguments make no sense. What these people are afraid of is a loss of status. When average people start taking a role in politics and are successful at it, they lose the mojo they have created. If someone in Seattle writes better than Joe Klein, why does Joe Klein still have a job? So they seek to diminish the effectiveness of the Netroots to attack it's credibility and keep their own status intact.Of course, most people empowered by the Internet could give a fuck what these people think. They failed so badly that these people had to do for themselves what others couldn't. So let them have their silly arguments while people change the world around them. <> story
Gunpoint at Democracy <> Gunpoint at Democracy.Andrea Parhamovich in an undated photograph.Ms. Parhamovich was killed Wednesday in the ambush of a convoy in Baghdad.Ambush Kills an American Teaching Democracy to IraqisBy DAMIEN CAVEPublished: January 19, 2007BAGHDAD, Jan. 18  An American woman killed here on Wednesday when gunmen fired on her convoy of vehicles was ambushed just minutes after leaving the headquarters of a prominent Sunni Arab political party, where she had been teaching a class on democracy, party members said ThursdayThey said the woman  Andrea Parhamovich, 28, of Perry, Ohio  left the partys fortified compound in western Baghdad around 4 p.m., heading east to her groups offices outside the Green Zone, when she and her armed guards came under attack from all sides.Les Campbell, Middle East and North Africa director for the National Democratic Institute, which hired Ms. Parhamovich about three months ago, said that during the fierce firefight, guards tried to escape, fought back, then called for reinforcements from other private security contractors.The attackers  perhaps as many as 30 men, according to witness accounts passed on to Mr. Campbell  used heavy weapons, possibly rocket-propelled grenades, destroying the armored sedan that Ms. Parhamovich was in and killing three of her armed guards: a Croatian, a Hungarian and an Iraqi. Two other security contractors were wounded. The attackers then scattered back into the neighborhood.Saleem Abdullah, a senior member of the Sunni political group, the Iraqi Islamic Party, said that Ms. Parhamovichs group might have been chosen as a target when it arrived. It seems that someone, when they saw her in the area, set up an ambush, he said. Thats what we think.Mr. Campbell described Ms. Parhamovich as a driven young woman, inspired by politics and a desire to help Iraqis connect with their newly elected government.He said she joined the National Democratic Institute, a nonprofit organization based in Washington that has worked in Iraq since 2003, after working for a few months with a similar group in Baghdad.She was an idealistic person who saw an opportunity in Iraq to help, to work with people in Iraq who were interested in democracy and human rights, which is what she cared about, he said.Andi Parhamovich was a former Air America staffer and her death was taken especially hard there.And while I am sympathetic to her friends who grieve her loss, I have to wonder what kind of democracy you can build with mercenaries.Does anyone expect an election to take place in Iraq in the next few years?  The National Democratic Institute really, really needs to rethink their field operations in Iraq. She rode into an ambush which would make a SF A team proud. 30 guys came at them guns blazing and killed a bunch of people.Now how did that happen?Do you think that a certain shia militia might have had issues with this? That they may have objected to helping a Sunni political party?I think the NGO's who remain need to get a grip on reality. Hiring mercenaries, living in foritified compounds, being ambushed, if not stalked, then ambushed, is not going to help people. It will, however, get people killed.The brutal reality is that the only voting in Iraq will be to comfirm whoever Sadr chooses as president. <> law
No kidding <> No kidding.The Carpetbagger Report has this up            Top Bush administration officials seem to revel in historical analogies, particularly when it comes to the war in Iraq. At different times, the Bush gang has referenced Korea, the Revolutionary War, WWI, and the Civil War. By mid-2005, the president had settled on World War II as a personal favorite. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is especially fond of pointing to history to justify White House decisions. When pressed a few months ago about the failures of the administrations policies in the Middle East, Rice told reporters, Im a student of history, so perhaps I have a little more patience with enormous change in the international system. Its a big shifting of tectonic plates, and I dont expect it to happen in a few days or even in a year. Apparently, Rices detractors just dont know enough about history to make sound judgments. We should leave it all to Dr. Rice. With this in mind, the Wall Street Journal noted today that when Rice compares todays challenges in the Middle East to the Cold War and post-World War II Europe, as she does quite frequently, she has no idea what shes talking about. Her contention is while things may look bad now in Iraq and elsewhere in the region, history is on the administrations side. She pushed a similar argument to reporters last month. The Middle East is moving toward something that I am quite certain will not have a full resolution and that you will not be able to fully judge for decades, she said. Critics dismiss Ms. Rices references to the Cold War as both convenient and a sign of her limited frame of reference. The challenges facing Europe in 1946, they say, bear little similarity to those of the Middle East in the 21st century. The administrations reservoir of historical analogies seems limited to the 1914-1991 period. And its all about Europe, said Adam Garfinkle, a former Rice speechwriter who edits the foreign-policy journal The American Interest. No one in a senior position in this administration seems to have even the vaguest notion of modern Middle Eastern history. When a Rice speechwriter says the administrations top officials are clueless, you know its bad.Of course, Rices misguided perspective, in which she seems to force modern situations into the historical models shes familiar with, have real consequences. As the WSJ noted, Rice tends to portray events, particularly the clash between what she calls moderation and extremism in the Middle East, as driven by huge, almost inevitable forces that make diplomacy impractical, or even irrelevant. Rice personally fed that notion this week by insisting diplomatic negations had nothing to do with deal making. Theres a tendency to think about diplomacy as something that is done untethered to the conditions underlying it or the balance underlying it, she said. In fact, thats not the way that it works. You arent going to be successful as a diplomat if you dont understand the strategic context in which you are actually negotiating. It is not deal-making. Aaron David Miller, a public policy scholar at the Woodrow Wilson Center and former advisor to Secretaries of State from George Schulz to Colin Powell, said Rices comments were so misguided, he nearly fell off [his] chair when he read them. Remember, back in 2000, when candidate George W. Bush said it didnt matter if he knew anything; what mattered was hed have top-notch advisors? <> politics
You bet your life <> You bet your life.I wonder if there is any crossover?Battling With Sadr for Iraqi Soldiers' HeartsBy Nancy TrejosWashington Post Staff WriterSaturday, January 13, 2007; Page A01BAGHDAD -- The Iraqi soldiers broke into chants to commemorate the 86th anniversary of the creation of their army."Muhammad, Haider, Fatima, Hasan and Husayn!" shouted a group of dancing soldiers, bellowing the names of the prophet and other long-dead Islamic icons revered by Shiite Muslims. U.S. troops with the team training the Iraqi army's 2nd Brigade, 6th Division patrol a Baghdad neighborhood. Most of the Iraqis they work with are Shiites.Saddam Hussein was hanged Dec. 30, 2006, after an Iraqi tribunal found him guilty of crimes against humanity. Get background, photos and video about Hussein's rise to power and ultimate fall.A second later, the name of a living Shiite figure came out of the din. "Moqtada! Moqtada!" one soldier exclaimed, invoking the name of Moqtada al-Sadr, the radical Shiite cleric and leader of the Mahdi Army militia that American officials blame for many of the worst acts of violence in Baghdad.Standing quietly in the crowd were four U.S. Army officers, there to represent the team of American soldiers advising the Iraqis. "Sounds like the Mahdi militia is in the tent," said their interpreter, Mohammed Noshi.Moments before the chanting began, at a rally last Saturday morning at the soldiers' shared base in eastern Baghdad, a brigade commander in the Iraqi army's 6th Division had called the troops the "hope of this country.""Some people are trying to create sectarian violence to divide this country," said the colonel, who asked that his name not be published out of fear for his life. "It is our job to keep this country in one piece."At best, said several U.S. soldiers interviewed at the base this month, some of the Iraqi troops they advise are sympathetic to Sadr and his army. At worst, they said, some are members of the militia, also known as Jaish al-Mahdi. Despite the uneasiness of the alliance, 100 U.S. troops and 500 Iraqi soldiers have conducted joint raids and shared a base on the eastern side of the Tigris River, once a mixed area that is becoming predominantly Shiite.Training Iraq's police and army to the point where they can operate on their own is key to any reduction of U.S. forces, American commanders have said. Five thousand U.S. troops are already embedded with Iraqi units as advisers.U.S. military officers say that the Iraqi police force is deeply infiltrated by militiamen and predict that the army will be quicker to operate independently. But a four-day visit to the base known as Old MOD, for the former Ministry of Defense complex, showed that the army is not immune to the militias' influence. According to the Americans, most of the Iraqi soldiers are Shiites, and some come from Sadr City, a sprawling Baghdad slum that is a Mahdi Army stronghold. Some carry pictures of Sadr."Does it mean that they're Jaish al-Mahdi? No," said Lt. Col. Edward Taylor, head of the U.S. military transition team, which is attached to the 2nd Infantry Division's 2nd Brigade, based at Fort Carson, Colo.If he is wrong, his soldiers will die. <> story
Leave Iran Alone <> Leave Iran Alone.He hates Jews, but likes kidsLeave Us Alone, Iranian Reformers SayBy Muhammad SahimiDecember 2006 IssueBack in March, the Bush Administration released its new National Security Strategy of the United States, and regime change in Iran leaps out of it as a goal. We may face no greater challenge from a single country than from Iran, the document baldly states in a grand exaggeration. And for all the recent talk about Irans nuclear threat, the document does not confine its discussion of Iran to the nuclear issue. The United States has broader concerns, it says. The Iranian regime sponsors terrorism, threatens Israel, seeks to thwart Middle East peace, disrupts democracy in Iraq, and denies the aspirations of its people for freedom.All of these issues, along with the nuclear one, can ultimately be resolved only if the Iranian regime makes the strategic decision to change these policies, open up its political system, and afford freedom to its people, the document states. This is the ultimate goal of U.S. policy. President Bush and Condoleezza Rice may stress in public that they are giving diplomacy a try, but this document makes clear that they have something else in mind.If the Bush Administration attacks Iran, it would be violating the U.N. Charter. And it would also be violating the Algiers Accord that the United States signed with Iran in 1981 to end the hostage crisis. Point I, paragraph 1, of that accord states, The United States pledges that it is and from now on will be the policy of the United States not to intervene, directly or indirectly, politically or militarily, in Irans internal affairs.Not only is the goal of regime change illegal, it is also unachievable.Democracy cannot be imported, nor can it be given to a people by invading their nation, nor by bombing them with cluster bombs. It must be indigenous, says Shirin Ebadi, the Iranian human rights advocate who was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2003.The Administration has refused to rule out the possibility of military strikes, and even the use of nuclear weapons, on Irans nuclear facilities and beyond, as if the Iraq quagmire has not taught it anything. And Iran is not Iraq. Iraq was formed only in 1932 with artificial boundaries that have no historical roots. Iran, on the other hand, has existed for thousands of years as an independent nation. Hence, Iranian nationalism is extremely fierce. Military strikes on Iran would create a potent mixture that combines fierce Iranian nationalism with the Shiites long tradition of martyrdom in defense of their homeland and religion. The attacks would engulf the entire region in flames.Iranians will not allow a single U.S. soldier to set foot in Iran, declares Ebadi, and this is a woman who has been imprisoned by Irans hardliners and is constantly harassed for her work on behalf of political prisoners.Armchair warriors, such as William Kristol, have been claiming that intense bombing of Iran will lead to an uprising by Iranians. The absurd argument is that, We will destroy Iran, but Iranians will love us for bombing them, and hate the hardliners. Although a large majority of Iranians despise the hardliners, anyone who has the slightest familiarity with Irans history knows that intense bombing of Iran will not lead to their downfall. Rather, it will help them consolidate power. <> story
Failure <> Failure.Kristol On War Critics: Its So Irresponsible That They Cant Be Quiet For Six Or Nine MonthsThis morning on Fox News, Weekly Standard editor William Kristol said that opponents of escalation in Congress are leap-frogging each other in the degrees of irresponsibility theyre willing to advocate. Kristol said, Its just unbelievable.  Its so irresponsible that they cant be quiet for six or nine months, adding, You really wonder, do they want it to work or not? I really wonder that.NPRs Juan Williams told Kristol his analysis was totally ahistorical, and pointed out that yesterday was the deadliest day for U.S forces in Iraq in two years. Theres something going on here you might pay attention to as opposed to just the politics of, If you dont support this president, you dont really want us to win.Watch it:Digg It!Full transcript:   KRISTOL: Theyre playing  theyre leap-frogging each other in the degrees of irresponsibility theyre willing to advocate. And I really think people are being too sort of complacent and forgiving almost of the Democrats. Oh, its politics, of course. One of them has a non-binding resolution. The other has a cap. Its all totally irresponsible. Its just unbelievable. The president is sending over a new commander, hes sending over troops, and the Democratic Congress, in a pseudo-binding way or non-binding way, is saying, It wont work. Forget it. You troops, youre going over there in a pointless mission. Iraqis who might side with us, forget it, were going to pull the plug. Its so irresponsible that they cant be quiet for six or nine months and say the president has made a decision, were not going to change that decision, were not going to cut off funds and insist on the troops coming back, so lets give it a chance to work. You really wonder, do they want it to work or not? I really wonder that. I hate to say this about the Democrats. Theyre people I know personally and I respect some of them. Do they want it to succeed or not?   WILLIAMS: I think everybody wants it to succeed who believes in the idea that we are over there and our people are at stake. I dont think theres any question. I think thats sort of a rhetorical tool on your part. But your analysis seems to be totally ahistorical. Its as if mistakes havent been made repeatedly, as if people dont feel like theyve been misled down this path, that theres been tremendous support for this president and war effort and its come to naught. Its come to a bad place. Yesterday was the deadliest, I think, in two years. Nineteen Americans killed. Theres something going on here you might pay attention to as opposed to just the politics of, if you dont support this president, you dont really want us to win.   KRISTOL: What are Democrats doing that would change the 19 Americans that were killed yesterday? Nothing. Zero. Except, except no reinforcements. You guys are on your own. Thats what theyre saying.   WILLIAMS: If you think  do you think reinforcements will make some radical change? No. I think what people are saying is, its time to redeploy, look at new strategies, look at political compromise. Thats whats not being done by this administration.If Bill Kristol was responsible, he'd listen to the critics and stop pretending the surge will work <> story
Spocko v Disney <> Spocko v Disney.Bloggers Take on Talk Radio HostsBy NOAM COHENPublished: January 15, 2007A San Francisco talk radio station pre-empted three hours of programming on Friday in response to a campaign by bloggers who have recorded extreme comments by several hosts and passed on digital copies to advertisers.The lead blogger, who uses the name Spocko, said that he and other bloggers had contacted more than 30 advertisers on KSFO-AM to inform them of comments made on the air and to ask them to pull their ads.The comments were also posted on Spockos Web site, spockosbrain.com. In response, ABC Radio Networks, which owns KSFO and which in turn is owned by the Walt Disney Company, sent letters to the sites service provider, demanding the clips be taken down from its servers. The provider complied, raising the issue of what constitutes fair use of copyrighted material by a critic.In an unusual cap to a simmering controversy, four talk radio hosts at KSFO-AM themselves played the clips on Friday, which had, in some cases, drawn national attention for language considered racially insensitive, religiously intolerant or containing violent imagery. The broadcast contained the occasional carefully measured apology for language that could have been put more elegantly, as one host, Melanie Morgan, described her comment  Weve got a bulls eye painted on her big wide laughing eyes  about Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic speaker of the House of Representatives, who is from San Francisco. But Ms. Morgan added that her words were obviously a political metaphor that had to be distorted by critics to appear violent.Ms. Morgan said that the on-air talent had been reissued guidelines from the company about violent rhetoric and weve reviewed those rules and we dont believe that we have crossed any single line. But the hosts were uniformly defiant against the bloggers, who were called crackpots with keyboards and accused of using guerrilla tactics.Spocko had recorded and disseminated other clips from the station in an effort to alarm advertisers. In one, Brian Sussman, an evening host on KSFO, described Senator Barack Obama, Democrat of Illinois, as a halfrican, because he has one African parent and one white parent. In another, from 2005, he challenged a caller who said he was not a Muslim to prove it by repeating back an insult to Allah. Mr. Sussman apologized for both comments during Fridays three-hour show.In an interview, Spocko, who described himself as being in his late 40s and a communications professional, said he was appalled by what he heard on KSFO. Among the advertisers Spocko contacted, and who have been reported in The San Francisco Chronicle to have stopped advertising at KSFO were Bank of America, MasterCard and the Michigan Economic Development Corporation. During the Friday show, one of the hosts, Lee Rodgers, read an e-mail message asking if the station had lost any sponsors so the listener could, in turn, boycott the former sponsors. Ms. Morgan said one advertiser  exactly one had left the station.When reached at his office, KSFO-AMs program director, Ken Berry, said he felt the three-hour broadcast best spoke for us and referred other questions to ABC. An ABC spokeswoman had no comment.Spockos campaign became more widely followed when his blog was taken down by his Internet service provider, 1&1 Internet, of Chesterbrook, Pa., after ABC lawyers sent the company a cease and desist letter on Dec. 22.11 says the decision was made to remove the copyrighted material from our servers until the matter is resolved, whether by the parties involved or the judicial system.Spocko has since switched to a different Web hosting company. His lawyer, Matt Zimmerman of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a nonprofit digital rights group based in San Francisco, says that 11 acted too quickly in response to the ABC letter, which he described as saber-rattling rather than a valid notice under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, an updating of copyright laws from 1998. <> story
Yes, you need to apologize, you goddamn redneck bastard <> Yes, you need to apologize, you goddamn redneck bastard.You sure told them nigras Va. Lawmaker Denounced for Slave CommentVirginia lawmaker draws criticism for comment that blacks should 'get over' slaveryRICHMOND, Va., Jan. 16, 2007By BOB LEWIS Associated Press Writer(AP) A state legislator said black people "should get over" slavery and questioned whether Jews should apologize "for killing Christ," drawing denunciations Tuesday from stunned colleagues.Del. Frank D. Hargrove, 79, made his remarks in opposition to a measure that would apologize on the state's behalf to the descendants of slaves.In an interview published Tuesday in The Daily Progress of Charlottesville, Hargrove said slavery ended nearly 140 years ago with the Civil War and added that "our black citizens should get over it."The newspaper also quoted him as saying, "are we going to force the Jews to apologize for killing Christ?"Without slavery, a low rent moron like you would have been lucky to leave the farm to find a pig-ugly bride. White skin privledge has given you everything in your miserable life, You sit in the House of Delegates because black people were sent to the back of the bus. You even closed the public schools rather than intergrate them. For five years, you stole childrens futures.Slavery is where you start apologizing <> story
Mercenary murder in Iraq? <> Mercenary murder in Iraq?.Iraq killing tracked to contractor could test lawsBy BILL SIZEMORE, The Virginian-Pilot January 11, 2007As pressure grows in Congress to hold private military companies such as Blackwater USA more accountable for their conduct, reports have surfaced of a Dec. 24 shooting in Baghdad that could serve as a textbook case.According to the State Department, a civilian U.S. contractor shot and killed an Iraqi security officer. Lou Fintor, a spokesman at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad, would not say which company the shooter worked for. Two independent sources have told The Virginian-Pilot that he worked for Blackwater, based in Moyock, N.C.When asked about the reports, Anne Tyrrell, a Blackwater spokeswoman, said Wednesday: "No comment."Blackwater provides security for U.S. diplomatic staff in Iraq under a multimillion-dollar State Department contract.Details of the shooting are sketchy. Fintor said there are conflicting reports. "We continue looking into the incident in an effort to try to determine the facts," he said.He declined to provide any further details about the American contractor, citing the U.S. Privacy Act. However, a former Blackwater contractor and an executive of another private military company, citing sources inside Iraq, independently said that the shooter was a Blackwater contractor.So far, there is no word of any criminal charges being brought in the case.Nearly four years after the U.S. invasion, tens of thousands of civilian contractors are working in Iraq. So far, none has been charged with any criminal wrongdoing. One reason: Contractors operate in a legal gray area, in which it's uncertain whether they're subject to civilian law, military law or neither.The latest effort to clear that up came Wednesday when U.S. Rep. David Price, D-N.C., introduced legislation he says will bring about transparency, accountability and coordination for private contractors operating in a war zone."The lack of a legal framework for battlefield contracting has allowed certain rogue contractor employees to perpetrate heinous criminal acts without the threat of prosecution," Price said. <> law
Attacking Iran <> Attacking Iran.SistaniIt's really very simple.While the Neocons plan to eliminate a phantom threat, Iraq with a single nuke, the Iranians can eliminate an entire army.Does the WH and CENTCOM really think that Sistani and the Shia clerics will let bombs fall unhindered on Iran?Have they considered the consequences of Sistani saying that an American attack on Iran is a cause for all Iraqi shia to wage jihad?While the Mahdi Army lays low, waiting for the US to get stupid and take them on, it seems no one has considered what happend if Bush bombs Iran.The Iranians have planned this for years. They and their friends will act. But what happens when the Iraqis feel bombing Shia holy sites in Iran is an attack on them?What's even worse is the pretense that the Iraqis have any loyalty to the US. <> politics