BLOG-ENTRY-TITLE <> TRAINING-TEST-DATA <> CLASS-LABEL
Madness in action <> Madness in action.Ahmad al-Rubaye/AFPIntensified Combat on Streets LikelyBy Thomas E. Ricks and Ann Scott TysonWashington Post Staff WritersThursday, January 11, 2007; Page A01President Bush's plan to send tens of thousands of U.S. and Iraqi reinforcements to Baghdad to jointly confront Sunni insurgents and Shiite militias is likely to touch off a more dangerous phase of the war, featuring months of fighting in the streets of the Iraqi capital, current and former military officials warned."The terrorists and insurgents in Iraq are without conscience, and they will make the year ahead bloody and violent," the president said last night in explaining his revised approach. "Even if our new strategy works exactly as planned, deadly acts of violence will continue -- and we must expect more Iraqi and American casualties." The prospect of a more intense battle in the Iraqi capital could put U.S. military commanders in exactly the sort of tough urban fight that war planners strove to avoid during the spring 2003 invasion of the country. The plan to partner U.S. and Iraqi units may compel American soldiers to rely on questionable Iraqi army and police forces as never before. And while the president insisted there is no timetable associated with the troop increase, military officials said sustaining it for more than a few months would place a major new strain on U.S. forces that already are feeling burdened by an unexpectedly long and difficult war.Most of all, the White House's insistence on confronting all insurgents and militias, both Sunni and Shiite, may mean that the U.S. military will wind up fighting the Mahdi Army of radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr. That militia is estimated by some U.S. intelligence officials to have grown over the past year to about 60,000 fighters, and some in the Pentagon consider it more militarily effective than the Iraqi army. Fighting it could resemble on a citywide scale the sharp combat that took place this week along central Baghdad's Haifa Street, in which U.S. jets and attack helicopters conducted airstrikes just north of the U.S. Embassy in the protected Green Zone."There will be more violence than usual because of the surge, and a surge with more casualties plays up on the international stage," said a senior Army official. Sadr "is going to have to make a choice, and if he decides on a confrontation, it will be pretty significant," added a senior Pentagon official.Sadr is one of the most powerful figures in the Iraqi government, and he has forced it and the U.S. military to back down in the past. Yet if the Mahdi Army is not confronted, the entire offensive may falter and the sectarian conflict may intensify, because Sunnis will feel it is just one more way of attacking them while letting Shiite death squads go free, military experts said. "If our troops do not enter Sadr City, they belittle the notion of a surge because they would leave a leading militia unscathed," said Patrick Cronin of the International Institute for Strategic Studies, a defense think tank.The last time the U.S. military fought both Sunni and Shiite elements in Iraq was the spring of 2004, which became one of the most difficult times in the war. U.S. commanders were stunned to face a two-front conflict against Sunni insurgents in Anbar province and Shiites in Baghdad and across a broad swath of south-central Iraq. Troops from the Army's 1st Cavalry Division fighting in Sadr's stronghold of about 2 million Shiites in eastern Baghdad became enmeshed in a series of clashes resembling the movie "Black Hawk Down." Sadr's militias besieged isolated U.S. patrols and took over police stations, schools and municipal buildings.An Army officer who recently commanded a battalion in Baghdad predicted last night that the plan would fail because Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki and his government "will do things to maintain protection" of Sadr's forces. He also dismissed as "happy talk" the president's notion that the predominantly Shiite Iraqi army and police could reassure pro-insurgent Sunni neighborhoods by conducting foot patrols through them.Bush said it is now clear that there have not been sufficient troops in Baghdad, and that part of the difference in this approach is that the plan will be adequately resourced. Yet the total number of U.S. troops in Iraq after the planned increase will be about 153,000, less than the peak of about 165,000 in December 2005. Military experts last night wondered, as one said, how a "thin green line" of 17,500 additional soldiers in Baghdad could affect the security situation in a city where many of the 5 million residents are hostile to the U.S. presence. "Too little, too late -- way too late," said retired Col. Jerry Durrant, who has worked as a trainer of Iraqi forces.So Bush expects to win the American people over as casualities increase? <> politics
The Car Wreck of American TV <> The Car Wreck of American TV.REUTERS/Mario AnzuoniThese people mostly suck 'Idol's' Trying TimesBy Lisa de MoraesWashington Post Staff WriterWednesday, January 17, 2007; C01Early audition episodes on "American Idol" are the torture camp of show business.We feel really bad about it.But we like to watch.Judges Randy Jackson, Simon Cowell and Paula Abdul are back with their bag of ego deflators. Only this time, Jackson is the bad cop, Simon is the good cop, and Abdul appears to be all sober and normal and obeying the Geneva Conventions. What fun is that?Singing star/poet Jewel is guest-judging; she's sitting next to Jackson, who told the press a few days ago he thinks the guest judges are hooey and shouldn't be mixing it up with the three regulars.The judges jump right in, bringing "Idol" wannabe Jessica Rhode to tears."I don't want to patronize you but it's never gonna work for you, darling," Simon sneers."I'm sorry but we're trying to find the best, and that was so far away from it.""Oh my God!" Rhode wails."No way. Please no, please!" she begs."The good news is today you found out you're not going to be [a singer] so you can just -- move on," Simon says therapeutically while she weeps.Rhode seeks comfort from her family outside. "I really thought I had it. I thought I was ready. They said I'm not even a good singer," she sobs.Mr. Urban Amish, Troy Benham, follows. He's never seen "American Idol," does not own a "broadcast television setup in my home."He sings them a song that involves spit dripping into someone's face. And roaches. We're not familiar with that tune.The judges begin to lacerate him; he puts up a good fight."I didn't say I was great. I didn't say I was the best and I certainly didn't say I was the next American Idol," Benham says.Next, Jesse Holloway walks out midway through his audition, saying he's "real nervous right now." He takes a drink and returns."Why did you come back into the room?" Simon asks. "When you left, for once we were on the same page."Outside the audtion room, Jesse unloads, saying Randy "needs to wipe off the damned makeup he's got on his face."Which is funny, because we were thinking that Randy was looking much prettier this season for reasons we could not explain. Thank you, Jesse Holloway, for providing answers."When was the last time Paula made a record?" Holloway continues, now on a roll. "They can kiss my [heinie]. They need to be fired because they don't know what they're talking about."When I was in high school, I sang in my school choir. My younger sister took piano an voice. We love this. Most people have no clue that they suck. And some are unclear that this is a contest to spend a million on you. Dressing like Apollo Creed does not inspire confidence.But what I like most about this is the way it shows how little people know about themselves and their abilities. Off key, out of tune, poor Jewel looked like she was being tortured. Most people have no idea of what it takes to b a professional singer. No idea at all.And it's amusing to watch. But you have to keep in mind, they do find a winner. <> misc
About going to Walter Reed <> About going to Walter Reed.   GWU College Republicans at Walter Reed:  Real Americans Push Back                                           From the student newspaper GW Hatchet (letters 2 and 3):Stand up for your beliefs(money quote para 4)As a former Air Force intelligence officer who has deployed in support of both Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom, I applaud Gary Livacari (at podium) and Peter Glessing for taking the time to see our wounded personnel at Walter Reed Hospital ("The children of the 60s," Jan. 17, p. 4). However, I am concerned that they are missing something.Since Sept. 11, military personnel have enjoyed enthusiastic support from those at home. I personally have received standing ovations at airports, unexpected free meals at restaurants, and many warm handshakes. All of these gestures are much appreciated, especially when we compare this with what returning Vietnam veterans endured. However, if we are to win this war, we will need something more than these gestures. We will need people at home to begin sacrificing too.The unfortunate truth is that our volunteer force was not designed to handle the monumental task of transforming the Middle East. The stress to our troops is only half the story. The other half is the devastation to our supplies and equipment, and the enormous crisis of military readiness we face when Iraq is over. The system of contractors and corporations we have in place to replace our equipment is very slow, and one of the main reasons our troops die is because our vehicles and gear are inadequate. We need all new equipment designed for this threat, and we need them yesterday. We need civilians to demand this for us because we can't. Such demand requires civilians to sacrifice their time and energy. In today's America, it is hard to make those sacrifices. But it is what we need to win.Finally, we need young people such as Mr. Lavacari and Mr. Glessing to join the military and help us fight. Talking to veterans and comforting them is great, but in the end, only talk. We need you, Mr. Livacari and Mr. Glessing, to fight for the cause that you say you believe in. That may mean sacrificing your college career for a while or the first few years of your professional career. But it is what we need to win. You invoked the greatest generation in your column. The greatest generation sacrificed greatly. I hope that you will too.-Jordan Curry, GW law studentSupport for leaders must be earnedThe students participating in this Friday's trip to Walter Reed Hospital ought to be commended. However, a very basic truth is lost on Peter Glessing and Gary Livacari, the two individuals soliciting participation. As the death toll mounts and the sordid truths about this Iraq war are laid bare, the home front is turning its indignation against its leaders rather than its protectors. You don't see any fewer "Support the Troops" ribbons, only fewer "Bush/Cheney" stickers; that is not a coincidence. A "surge in patriotism" will come about if and only when Americans see a genuine, positive change in the conduct of the leaders who are sending their countrymen into harm's way.-Alexander Tucciarone, JuniorOYE Comment: We agree. And President Bush can best earn that support by calling upon his strongest supporters, if qualified, such as Gary Livacari and Peter Glessing, to Be A Man! Enlist! <> story
Voir Dire from hell <> Voir Dire from hell. In Libby Trial, Big Names Make Jury Picks a Tall OrderShallow Pool Teems With Ties to PlayersBy Carol D. Leonnig and Amy GoldsteinWashington Post Staff WritersThursday, January 18, 2007; Page A01To see how small a town Washington really is, drop in on jury selection at the trial of I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby, where so far nearly every juror candidate seems to have a connection to the players or events surrounding the leak of an undercover CIA officer's identity.There is the software database manager whose wife works as a prosecutor for the Justice Department, and who counts the local U.S. attorney and a top official in Justice's criminal division as neighbors and friends. A housecleaner who works at the Watergate and knows Condoleezza Rice, not by her title of secretary of state, but as the "lady who lives up on the fifth floor." And a former Washington Post reporter whose editor was now-Assistant Managing Editor Bob Woodward; he went to barbecues at the house of NBC's Tim Russert, a neighbor, and just published a book on the CIA and spyingSuch is the challenge as U.S. District Judge Reggie B. Walton tries to seat a jury of 12 peers for Vice President Cheney's former chief of staff, in one of Washington's biggest trials in years.It has always been difficult to select juries in Washington, where the pool is small compared with the number of trials, and half the people summoned to be jurors don't even show up. But the star power of the players in this case has complicated matters.Libby is charged with lying to FBI agents and a grand jury investigating the disclosure of CIA officer Valerie Plame's identity to the media in 2003, shortly after the Iraq war began. He is accused of fabricating a story to conceal the nature of his conversations with reporters and his role in a White House effort to discredit Plame's husband, a prominent critic of the invasion of Iraq.Defense lawyers for Libby contend that he forgot the details and timing of those conversations amid the crush of his daily workload and believed he had heard about Plame from Russert. Only later, they say, did he remember that he had actually learned her identity from his boss, Cheney.By the end of yesterday's session, Walton and lawyers for both sides had quizzed 33 potential jurors and excused nine. The 24 remaining in the pool, and others who will be questioned starting this morning, still could be struck by lawyers on either side. Walton said he wanted to complete the selection of 12 jurors and four alternates by the end of today. Jurors cannot be identified by name, under an order from the judge.Members of the government and media elite are the key players and witnesses expected to be called in a case that will often focus on the administration's justification for war in Iraq. As the slow questioning of potential jurors in Courtroom 16 of the federal court wound through a second day yesterday, it became clear that those celebrities rub shoulders a lot with the regular folks in this 13-mile-wide city of 550,000. <> law
Oooops <> Oooops.Sophie Bond and her mother DianeGirl has report from wrong schoolThe mother of a 12-year-old girl from West Sussex has said she was shocked to receive a progress report from a school her daughter had never attended.The Patcham High School report, sent to Diane Bond in Hurstpierpoint, praised Sophie's performance in English but said she was misbehaving in maths."The school doesn't know whether Sophie is there or not but has quite clearly given her results," said Ms Bond.The school said it regretted any distress its mistake had caused.Sophie attended an induction day at the school in July 2006 and was due to join Year 7 in September.But she took up a place at Oakmeeds Community College in Burgess Hill instead.Patcham's report gave Sophie grades in five subjects but marked her absent in all the others. <> story
What bubble? <> What bubble?.Michael Temchine for The New York TimesThe Columbia, above, formerly the ColumbiaHospital for Women, is a new complex of condosin the Foggy Bottom section of Washington. Anowner who bought a two-bedroom unit in 2004is facing having to sell it at a loss or rent it for lessthan his monthly payment.Buyers Scarce, Many Condos Are for RentBy VIKAS BAJAJPublished: January 16, 2007WASHINGTON  David Francos illuminated model of a proposed 10-story condominium tower dominates a sales center that, in spite of the Now Selling banner still fluttering outside, is conspicuously closed for business.We could have waited it out and kept pushing and pushing, Mr. Franco said about the decision to abandon plans to sell 180 luxury condominiums with floor-to-ceiling windows offering views of the Washington Monument and Capitol Hill. But it would have taken significantly longer.After six weeks of failing to lure more than a couple of dozen buyers, Mr. Franco and his partner, Jeff Blum, joined the builders of nearly 6,000 condominium units in the Washington metropolitan area who have decided in the last three months to recast their projects as rental apartment buildings.Since the middle of 2006, the frenzied condominium market here and in several other big cities like Las Vegas, Miami and Boston has collapsed. Once roaring sales have slowed to a trickle, sparse inventory has mushroomed into a glut and soaring prices have flattened out and started falling.In many cities, banks have significantly scaled back loans to condominium builders. Some have demanded that developers sell half or more of the units in a building before even beginning construction.In hopes of salvaging something from their costly plans, hundreds of developers like Mr. Franco are looking to the strong market for apartments, planning to rent their units for at least a couple of years while waiting for todays condo surplus to shrink. Mr. Franco and Mr. Blum hope to break ground on what will be a somewhat less expensive building this spring.In some cases, developers are even turning older buildings back to rentals after a brief or aborted attempt at condo conversion. Meanwhile, another 2,500 proposed condominiums in the Washington area have been scrapped altogether, according to Delta Associates, a real estate research firm.The latest salvage operation on the part of condo developers is far from a sure bet, however. Condominium buildings generally cost more to build and operate than those built for apartments from scratch. And while rents are high and rising in most cities, in many cases they still are not sufficient to turn a profit. <> story
Scumbags in action <> Scumbags in action. Iraq Security Contractor CountersuesBy MIKE BAKERThe Associated PressFriday, January 19, 2007; 9:42 PMRALEIGH, N.C. -- Private security contractor Blackwater USA is seeking $10 million from the attorney representing the estates of four employees killed and mutilated in Iraq, arguing their families breached the security guards' contracts by suing the company for wrongful death.Blackwater also has asked a federal court to move the dispute into arbitration, having failed so far in its ongoing efforts to have the lawsuit dismissed.Arbitration is necessary "in order to safeguard both (Blackwater's) own confidential information as well as sensitive information implicating the interest of the United States at war," attorneys for Blackwater Security Consulting, a unit of Moyock-based Blackwater USA, wrote in a petition filed December 20.Dan Callahan, a California-based attorney representing the families, called the claim "appalling.""This is a shock-and-awe tactic," Callahan said Friday. Blackwater's attorneys declined to comment.The four families, represented by estates administrator Richard Nordan, filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Blackwater in January 2005 in state court. Family members argue Blackwater broke contractual obligations and used cost-saving measures that ultimately led to the deaths of the four men.Blackwater's counterclaim for $10 million specifically names Nordan and not the estates or the men's families.Or so their illegal activities can't be exposed in a court of law. The last place Erik Prince wants to be is under oath. <> law
Yeah, attacking the Mahdi Army will happen <> Yeah, attacking the Mahdi Army will happen.Maliki does what I sayU.S. and Iraqis Are Wrangling Over War PlansBy JOHN F. BURNSThis article was reported by John F. Burns, Sabrina Tavernise and Marc Santora, and written by Mr. Burns.BAGHDAD, Jan. 14  Just days after President Bush unveiled a new war plan calling for more than 20,000 additional American troops in Iraq, the heart of the effort  a major push to secure the capital  faces some of its fiercest resistance from the very people it depends on for success: Iraqi government officials.American military officials have spent days huddled in meetings with Iraqi officers in a race to turn blueprints drawn up in Washington into a plan that will work on the ground in Baghdad. With the first American and Iraqi units dedicated to the plan due to be in place within weeks, time is short for setting details of what American officers view as the decisive battle of the war.But the signs so far have unnerved some Americans working on the plan, who have described a web of problems  ranging from a contested chain of command to how to protect American troops deployed in some of Baghdads most dangerous districts  that some fear could hobble the effort before it begins.First among the American concerns is a Shiite-led government that has been so dogmatic in its attitude that the Americans worry that they will be frustrated in their aim of cracking down equally on Shiite and Sunni extremists, a strategy President Bush has declared central to the plan.We are implementing a strategy to embolden a government that is actually part of the problem, said an American military official in Baghdad involved in talks over the plan. We are being played like a pawn.The American militarys misgivings came as new details emerged of the reconstruction portion of Mr. Bushs plan, which calls for more than doubling the number of American-led reconstruction teams in Iraq to 22 and quintupling the number of American civilian reconstruction specialists to 500. [Page A7.]Compounding American doubts about the governments willingness to go after Shiite extremists has been a behind-the-scenes struggle over the appointment of the Iraqi officer to fill the key post of operational commander for the Baghdad operation. In face of strong American skepticism, the Iraqi prime minister, Nuri Kamal al-Maliki, has selected an officer from the Shiite heartland of southern Iraq who was virtually unknown to the Americans, and whose hard-edged demands for Iraqi primacy in the effort has deepened American anxieties. <> politics
No more actors <> No more actors. Is Live Sex On-Demand Coming to Hotel TVs?By DAVID CAY JOHNSTONPublished: January 17, 2007LAS VEGAS, Jan. 16  In the world of on-demand viewing of sexually explicit material, the next step could be the ability to watch live performers from the privacy of a hotel room.That was one topic during a panel discussion here at Internext, an annual trade show for sex entertainment industry producers, marketers and payment processors.Gregory Clayman, the owner of the live-action company Video Secrets, predicted that the industry would soon be selling not just videos on demand in mainstream hotels, but images of people having sex live over the hotels entertainment systems.We feel that live, right now, is coming of age, Mr. Clayman said. We are planning to make the jump to hotel rooms.He said that as television sets and computers merge into the same appliance, he saw no reason that live action sex would not get a place in on-demand services in hotels. Some existing Web sites already allow customers to send text messages to direct the performers.Americans spent $1.6 billion last year for on-demand and pay-per-view video, according to JupiterKagan, a media research firm. It estimates that about a third of those sales were for sex films.Anne Taulane, managing editor of Lodging magazine, who has written about the ways hotel chains require sex films to be edited and about groups that oppose any such films, expressed doubt that the major hotel chains would ever go along.That would be a hard sell to the big hotel companies, she said in a telephone interview. The porn offered now is a little more acceptable to the mainstream than viewing live action over a hotels video entertainment system.Panelists also praised Visa and MasterCard for new programs that have helped reduce disputes and refusals to pay for pornography ordered over the Internet by credit card. <> story
How stupid can you be <> How stupid can you be.    A PSA From ETP: Tasers Are Not Toys           Rachel Sklar |         Posted Wednesday January 10, 2007 at 08:12 PM        We read with horror of the "Try The Taser!" booth at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, where random people can test out what it would feel like to be tasered. The company is marketing a consumer version (in four stylish colors, including metallic pink!), because loosing a bunch of trigger-happy taserists on the world couldn't possibly go wrong. From the website:  The TASER C2 can stop a threat up to 15 feet away, allowing you to protect yourself and your family from a safe distance. You can also use the C2 as a contact stun device to repel someone - a powerful backup capability.  To "promote responsible ownership," those wishing to purchase a Taser must undergo a background check, the successful completion of which is necessary to activate the device. Whew, what a relief  that background check is sure to weed out everyone who might not use the Taser responsibly!  Responsible tasering was exemplified today by ABC's Amanda Congdon, who absorbed 50,000 volts to the back, jerking violently and needing support on either side to stay upright, and Geek Factory publicist Peter Shankman, who said he "went down like a rifled hippo" and compared it to getting shot.Wow, with most people, the cops just shoot you. Who would volunteer to be tazed but TV reporters <> story
Hey, it just happened <> Hey, it just happened.Today's NYT: Downplaying A Rape At Harvard by Adam B   [Subscribe]  Sun Jan 14, 2007 at 01:12:46 PM PSTOne standard feature of the Sunday Styles section of the New York Times (a/k/a, "Women's Sports") is the "Modern Love" column, in which a contributor tells story of, well, love in the modern age.  Today's column is from Ashley Cross, a student at Columbia, who writes about learning that her boyfriend was accused of rape at Harvard.  Which, on its face, is an interesting story, but not when it's told in a way that minimizes the offense.  She says he said:   Driving back to camp he was uncharacteristically quiet, and later, in the privacy of my platform tent, he sat on my floor and told me he didnt feel comfortable with our developing relationship unless I knew something about him.  It sounded so ominous; I couldnt imagine what dark secrets he possessed. "What?" I asked.  He said it flat out: "Im on leave from college because a friend accused me of raping her."  I didnt say anything at first. I was shocked, yes, but not frightened. We hadnt yet slept together, and his physical advances so far bordered on old-fashioned. I ransacked my memory to recall if I had missed clues to his character or ways I might have misjudged him, but I came up empty....  As I peppered him with questions, he talked me through the fateful night of only a few months before, when he and the girl, whod been a friend, had mingled at a party and drifted off drunk together before winding up back in her room, where, several hours later, they had sex. She became hysterical, claiming he forced himself on her. He left, bewildered and distraught. That night he wrote her a letter apologizing for upsetting her and left it at her door. He told me the letter was an attempt to salvage the friendship.  "Did you rape her?" I asked.  "We had sex," he said. "But I didnt mean to hurt her, no."   Cross reads the accuser's statement, notes that her boyfriend had left Harvard voluntarily, and complains on how things proceeded from there:   He knew the university was investigating the allegations and that he might face dismissal. What he didnt know was that he soon would face consequences much more severe than being forced to leave school. Rather than allow the college administration to handle the situation, his accuser filed criminal charges.   Yes, I mean, God forbid that a victim should treat a crime like a crime, and a criminal as a criminal.  She wasn't accusing him of plagiarism; this was rape.  He ends up pleading guilty, accepting a plea bargain that called for him to spend 18 months under house arrest.  And most of the article is spent with Cross' sympathy for him, that his life was ruined, and how her friends couldn't understand why she still supported him, and how eventually their relationship crumbled.  "His ordeal will always haunt me," Cross writes. "In my mind, he was not seeking to humiliate and subjugate a woman on that night many years ago. I believe he was a boy who endeavored for hours in the dark to express his drunken, fumbling desire in a way that, fair or not, ended up unraveling his life."  Well, boo-friggin'-hoo.   "Fumbling desire"?  It takes about two minutes on Google, given the identifying facts she acknowledges in the article (rape + Harvard + letter + plea bargain), to find out what really happened here, facts that Times readers are not given thanks to the first-person nature of the piece.  From the Harvard Crimson and the court records it reviewed, here's what D. Drew Douglas, once Harvard Class of 2000, did that night:   In the court records, the prosecutor reads an account of the incident, after which [D. Drew] Douglas is recorded as saying, "I admit to committing the crime."  According to the account, both students had been friends for a year. On April 3, the night of the incident, the woman saw Douglas while on a date with another man.  The victim told The Crimson yesterday that she was "feeling the effects of alcohol" that night.  Court documents state that the three attended a party together. Afterwards, as her date walked her home, Douglas began walking along with the pair.  The other man left her at her dorm, but Douglas" told her he wanted to go home with her," and stayed behind, prosecutors told the court.  "She told him that wasn't going to happen and was attempting to get into her door," the prosecutor told the court. "The defendant was blocking access to the card key [reader] she needed to use."  He followed her into the dorm and up the stairs. "She repeatedly told him that he was not going to come in," the document states. "The defendant kept telling her that it's his choice; she did not have input into that decision."  Outside her room he threw her against the wall, pushed her dress and grabbed her buttocks. He also began kissing her, the prosecutor said.  "[She] told him to leave [and] was struggling to get away from him," the documents said.  She managed to open the door to her suite, but did not shut it in time to prevent Douglas from following her inside.  "Once she was inside, although annoyed that the defendant was still there, because she was a friend of the defendant, [she] wasn't particularly frightened," the prosecutor said. "She told him to leave; she was going to bed."  She lay down fully clothed on the bed and began to doze off. "She next became aware that [Douglas] had removed all of his clothing and had gotten into bed with her," the document reads.  Once in bed with her, he proceeded to sexually assault her, though the court document does not describe any penetration. Some time later, the prosecutor said, Douglas left the bed....  The prosecutor said the woman assaulted by Douglas found a handwritten note under her door the next day apologizing "for pressuring her, forcing her to engage in these activities."   Make no mistake of it; this was rape, and Douglas deserved neither the sympathy of Ms. Cross nor the one-sided account she was allowed to publish in the Times today. <> story
Fixing things <> Fixing things.On the mendWhen getting a broken appliance fixed is often more expensive than replacing it, it's not surprising that repair is a dying art. Tim Dowling tries to buck the trend by fixing things himself, and three other Guardian writers try to find someone - anyone - to put their gadgets together againMonday January 15, 2007The GuardianThe disposable culture started small. In 1892 William Painter, founder of the Baltimore Bottle Seal Company, patented the crown cork, which would soon become more widely known as the bottle cap. The bottles were returned and refilled, but the bottle caps got thrown away. They only worked once. Painter's chief salesman at the time was King Camp Gillette, who went on to apply the principle to his own invention, the disposable razor blade. Today almost everything has its disposable version - cameras, nappies, barbecues - but the concept has been taken a step further. Economic imperatives have made most of our consumer durables effectively disposable. In short, they are often cheaper to replace than they are to mend. This applies not just to radios and toasters, but to fridges, televisions and dishwashers. We now live in a disposable culture.We no longer revel in it, however. We know we should be reducing the amount of waste we produce, although for all our efforts to compost or recycle, landfill continues to increase. It's hard to slip a CD player into the bottom of the rubbish these days without feeling a pang of conscience, especially if you suspect that all it needs is a bit of mending. But who fixes that sort of thing any more? And how much would they charge you?As if we weren't throwing enough away already, modern life has given us dozens of bewildering new appliances - set-top boxes, modem-routers - whose very purpose is almost as mysterious as their workings. To the untrained eye, they appear to be nothing more than plastic boxes that get a bit hot when you plug them in. Every new gadget seems to come with its own remote control or charging station, without which it is inoperable, and which is destined to go missing. In some cases the stuff is literally irreparable; either the spare parts are not supplied or there is nothing to fix - the appliance itself is considered a "complete replacement unit". What do you do, for example, with a broken electric toothbrush? If you're like me, you go out and buy a new one, and then another new one, and then another, until eventually you learn that electric toothbrushes are a sort of con: you're lucky if the base outlives two replacement heads...................Mimi Spencer, HoveThe DVD playerMy chunky Toshiba DVD player, bought in 2003, threw in the towel a few weeks back. Needless to say, I didn't have extended warranty cover for my dead appliance. But, still, I took it back to my local branch of Currys to see what could be done. As I carried it in from the car, nursing the plug, lead and remote control unit to my chest, I felt oddly fond of it. We'd had good nights together, that DVD and I.The Currys boy happened to be immensely tall, with large hands and eyes like a switched-off telly."Would it be possible ... ?" I started."Can't fix it. Not worth it," he uttered, twiddling something fascinating in his trouser pocket."But it's only three years old," I said, as if pleading for the life of a sick puppy. "Surely there must be something ... ""Customer services," he said, sending me off with a shove of his head.Adrian at customer services was a bored man, but he did have a gadget on his computer which allowed him to pull up my entire electronic history with the company. The DVD player was uncovered and thus unmendable and wholly uninteresting to Adrian. "It's not on the screen," he sniffed. "There's nothing I can do.""Have you tried a lens cleaner?" he inquired, rather benevolently, I thought. Yes, I had tried a lens cleaner. "Well," he said, in a conspiratorially low whisper, as if being overheard might be a sackable offence, "you could try the, erm, shop on Sackville Road. Might do it. Depends what's wrong with it. But" - his voice rose perceptibly - "you'd be better off getting a new one. They cost less than 30 quid."It was tempting. There was something provocative about the slimline DVD players lined up like dancing girls on the shelf. One model cost just 19.99, about the same price as a DVD of The Constant Gardener; this seemed all wrong, like paying more for the coffee than the cup."Um, Adrian," I asked gingerly, "could you recycle it if I can't fix it?" The answer was an inevitable no.Robert Smith Video Repair Centre, dumped on the corner of a residential street in Hove, is one of those places, like Mr Benn's shop, that might not be there next time you look. Inside, the rectangular video recorders and cuboid cathode-ray TVs are stacked in neat ranks, each with a label indicating its medical history. "Dead," said some. Others said, "Done." It was like a geriatric ward for entertainment systems, but there was hope in this room. Here, tinkering with a screwdriver clearly yielded results.A man with a moustache emerged from a back room and accepted my DVD player, bidding me to await his call with the prognosis. How much would it cost? That would depend, he said, leaving the mystery hanging in the mote-filled air. I left hoping for the best, willing that the fix would cost less than 19.99.Robert Smith called. The laser was faulty. He had rung a couple of wholesalers, but they didn't have one in stock. "Lasers," admitted Robert, "can be pretty expensive." How expensive exactly? More than 19.99? My heart wanted him to say no, but my brain already knew the DVD was a DNR. "Anything from 20 to 100," replied Robert, like a surgeon breaking the news gently. "You may want to think about writing it off," he continued, getting as close to holding my hand as you can over the phone.There was nothing for it. The old Toshiba is, alas, off to Guangdong, to be strip-searched for a morsel of metal and dumped in a lake. The slinky new silver DVD player sits under the TV and looks adorable, like a kitten. It's working beautifully. I give it a week.Jen here.Yes to everything folks have said so far in the comments. It is disgusting how little one can do to preserve any investment in anything for want of a simple fix. FWIW, I had a $5 part--the wave diffuser--go on a very good mircowave that I have. I was able to slide the old one out with a screwdriver--and put a new one in with said implement. The whole operation took $12 and 5 minutes. Where did I get the part? Take note of this:Circuit City Part SearchWhen I first posted up the microwave story, lots of people said I was being cheap for not just getting a new one. WTF? $12 part for a microwave that works great, versus a cheap piece of new shit for $100? You know what I went and got from the hardware store yesterday? New rubber rings for my Osterizer blender. My ugly almond-color Osterizer blender. Not the avocado one that my Mom got as an engagement gift in 1963, which she still has, but the one that she got as a housewarming gift for the one year that we lived in NJ in 1971. Its motor is stronger than anything commercially available today and it really, really works. Mom replaced the blades (a $15 part) once around 15 years ago before she gave it to me to take to DC when I was in law school. This is what it looks like, sort of (mine's older):True story: A few years ago a couple I know had a chili potluck party. One of their wedding gifts was a Cuisinart blender--a few years old. They tried to crush ice in it for margaritas and the motor burned out. Luckilly, they had a secondhand Osterizer from her Mom in the storage area. They washed it off, fired it up, and soon it was margaritas for all. When I went to get the replacement rings, the guy asked me how long I'd had my machine. When I told him, he a) initially asked if I was going to sell it and then b) told me to never sell it. Apparently, those in the know scour yard sales for these. I've also fixed my old VCR once (I keep it around for my legacy 80's music videos that I taped off of Night Flight and MTV before it started to suck) as well as other old TV shows. When it goes, I may loose access to them unless I get them converted to DVD. Shame, really. <> story
Racial Row on UK show <> Racial Row on UK show.Jade Goody is interviewed by Davina McCallfollowing her eviction from the Celebrity Big Brother house. Photograph: Timothy Anderson/Channel 4/PAJade evicted as poll reveals public anger with Channel 4Karen McVeigh and Jeevan VasagarSaturday January 20, 2007The GuardianJade Goody was evicted from the Celebrity Big Brother house last night in a vote which could be seen as a public stand against racial intolerance. An overwhelming majority - 82% - of viewers voted against her. In a post-eviction interview, Goody said she was "embarrassed and disgusted" by her own behaviour.The 25-year-old from Bermondsey, south-east London, was up for eviction against Shilpa Shetty, a Bollywood actor and the alleged victim of racist abuse from several housemates, especially Goody.Before her departure was announced, an unprecedented 40,000 complaints were made to broadcast regulator Ofcom and the public were urged to "vote for tolerance" by a number of politicians including the chancellor, Gordon Brown.Public anger over the racism row is underlined today by a Guardian/Marketing Sciences poll which shows most people believe Channel 4 should have intervened to stop the abuse of Shetty.The public does not believe the housemates' behaviour is representative of the country, the poll shows, with 55% believing the insults directed at the Indian housemate were not typical of modern Britain. A quarter say it did reflect society, with more than half of people believing Channel 4 had engineered the clashes to gain viewing figures.Mr Brown, who was yesterday visiting a Bollywood film studio in Mumbai during his visit to India, presented the choice between Goody and Shetty as one that would shape how the rest of the world sees Britain. "I know that people in India say that Britain is generally a country of tolerance," Mr Brown said. "It is up to people to cast their votes, but a vote for Britain is a vote for tolerance."Goody left the house to an eery silence after Channel 4 banned the usual crowds from the eviction show. For once she appeared to pause for thought when presenter Davina McCall told her of the political and diplomatic storm her words had provoked and played back footage of her behaviour. She said that when her comments against Shetty, who she referred as "Shilpa Poppadom", were read back to her, she thought "Oh my God, maybe I am racist".She added: "I look like a complete and utter nasty small person - the sort of person I don't like myself," but continued: "I am not a racist and I sincerely, with my hand on my heart, apologise to anyone I have offended out there."If Goody was unaware of the effect her words would have, Shetty was not. In one exchange before the eviction, she told Goody she did not think her a racist, but added: "You said it, its going to be out and a lot of Indians heard it. Trust me, it's not going to go down well." <> story
They don't want us <> They don't want us.(AFP/Brendan SmialowskiPromising Troops Where They Arent Really WantedBy SABRINA TAVERNISE and JOHN F. BURNSPublished: January 11, 2007BAGHDAD, Jan. 10  As President Bush challenges public opinion at home by committing more American troops, he is confronted by a paradox: an Iraqi government that does not really want them.The Shiite-led government of Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki has not publicly opposed the American troop increase, but aides to Mr. Maliki have been saying for weeks that the government is wary of the proposal. They fear that an increased American troop presence, particularly in Baghdad, will be accompanied by a more assertive American role that will conflict with the Shiite governments haste to cut back on American authority and run the war the way it wants. American troops, Shiite leaders say, should stay out of Shiite neighborhoods and focus on fighting Sunni insurgents.The government believes there is no need for extra troops from the American side, Haidar al-Abadi, a Parliament member and close associate of Mr. Maliki, said Wednesday. The existing troops can do the job.It is an opinion that is broadly held among a Shiite political elite that is increasingly impatient, after nearly two years heading the government here, to exercise power without the constraining supervision of the United States. As a long-oppressed majority, the Shiites have a deep-seated fear that the power they won at the polls, after centuries of subjugation by the Sunni minority, will be progressively whittled away as the Americans seek deals with the Sunnis that will help bring American troops home.Attack Sadr? Yeah, that will happen with Iraqi troops. <> politics
You have to be kidding <> You have to be kidding.Federal Way schools restrict Gore film'Inconvenient Truth' called too controversialBy ROBERT McCLURE AND LISA STIFFLERP-I REPORTERSNOTE: This story has been altered since it was originally published. The computer program Al Gore uses to present scientists findings in the movie An Inconvenient Truth is Keynote. A competing software programs name was mentioned in the earlier version of the story.This week in Federal Way schools, it got a lot more inconvenient to show one of the top-grossing documentaries in U.S. history, the global-warming alert "An Inconvenient Truth."After a parent who supports the teaching of creationism and opposes sex education complained about the film, the Federal Way School Board on Tuesday placed what it labeled a moratorium on showing the film. The movie consists largely of a computer presentation by former Vice President Al Gore recounting scientists' findings. Al Gore's documentary about global warming may not be shown unless the teacher also presents an "opposing view.""Condoms don't belong in school, and neither does Al Gore. He's not a schoolteacher," said Frosty Hardison, a parent of seven who also said that he believes the Earth is 14,000 years old. "The information that's being presented is a very cockeyed view of what the truth is. ... The Bible says that in the end times everything will burn up, but that perspective isn't in the DVD."Hardison's e-mail to the School Board prompted board member David Larson to propose the moratorium Tuesday night."Somebody could say you're killing free speech, and my retort to them would be we're encouraging free speech," said Larson, a lawyer. "The beauty of our society is we allow debate."School Board members adopted a three-point policy that says teachers who want to show the movie must ensure that a "credible, legitimate opposing view will be presented," that they must get the OK of the principal and the superintendent, and that any teachers who have shown the film must now present an "opposing view."The requirement to represent another side follows district policy to represent both sides of a controversial issue, board President Ed Barney said."What is purported in this movie is, 'This is what is happening. Period. That is fact,' " Barney said.Students should hear the perspective of global-warming skeptics and then make up their minds, he said. After they do, "if they think driving around in cars is going to kill us all, that's fine, that's their choice.Are you fucking kidding me? ONE e-mail from a lunatic can stop this film from being shown? The school board should be ashamed of itself and the parents should be raising  holy hell.14,000 years old? Mouth breathing idiot shouldn't be allowed out in public <> story
Marine murdered for insurance? <> Marine murdered for insurance?.Cynthia Sommer is on trial for arsenic murder of Todd Sommer.Did hubby pay with life for her boobs?BY MICHELLE CARUSODAILY NEWS WEST COAST BUREAU CHIEFSAN DIEGO, Calif. - Cynthia Sommer got a pricey boob job to die for - and, according to prosecutors, her Marine husband did just that.The 33-year-old widow is charged with poisoning Sgt. Todd Sommer, 23, with arsenic in 2002 so she could snare his $250,000 life insurance payout to finance the implants, shopping sprees and hard-partying lifestyle she craved.Two months after her husband died, Sommer went under the knife, and she showed off her new bod to friends at the Marine Corps Air Station at Miramar, witnesses say.And instead of somberly mourning, she threw loud parties that brought military cops to her door and quickly began romancing another Marine, who is now her fianc, witnesses say.But as the twice-married mother of four stands trial in San Diego Superior Court this month, she's shielding her surgically enhanced chest from the jury with loose shirts and boxy suit jackets that make her look more like a bank clerk than a Black Widow.Gone, too, is the bleached-blond hair she had in her 2005 mug shot. Her locks are back to natural brown and tied in a schoolgirlish pony tail.But no matter how prim she appears, Deputy District Attorney Laura Gunn alleges Sommer is a devious killer who slipped her husband a fatal dose of poison - possibly just hours after she consulted a plastic surgeon about getting her $5,400 boob job.The broke Marine wife had just $280 in the bank and a $7-an-hour job at a Subway sandwich shop on Feb. 8, 2002, when she visited the plastic surgeon, Gunn told the jury in her opening statement. <> law
Another 9/11 tragedy <> Another 9/11 tragedy.Jonathan Player for The New York TimesPatricia Bingley with pictures of her son, KevinDennis, and her twin grandchildren, Elliott, left, and Ryan.Parents of 9/11 Victims Torn From GrandchildrenBy PAUL VITELLOPublished: January 19, 2007OYSTER BAY, N.Y.  Five years after their father was killed at the World Trade Center, two little girls, ages 7 and 5, sat crying in a car parked at the curb of their grandparents home here one December day, refusing to go inside for a court-ordered visit. It was a painful family tableau rooted in a hundred tangled details, but one overriding and uncontested reality: 9/11.Sometime after the death of Peter V. Genco, a Cantor Fitzgerald bond trader, in the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, the relationship between the girls mother and their late fathers parents went sour. The grandparents, Barbara and Victor Genco, obtained a court order in 2003 allowing them to see the children  under supervision, and for exactly four hours, once each month. In legal documents, the mother accused her in-laws of abuse and neglect, including drinking in front of them.And on that Sunday afternoon in December, as described by the grandparents, the girls had apparently had enough of the whole business.We had hoped to be a part of their lives and a link to their father, Barbara Genco, 69, said in an interview. We imagined taking them with us to Europe, to Disney World. But it is too painful to see how the children have changed toward us.This sad tale is not entirely uncommon among families torn by the terrorist attacks. There is no official registry of such separations. One 9/11 family advocate said he had encountered more than 100 conflicts in which aging parents of a World Trade Center victim, desperate to remain connected to the children of their lost offspring, had found themselves in bitter struggles with a surviving spouse who would rather they did not. A mediator who helped negotiate settlements among 9/11 families in the early years after the attacks said 1 in 10 of his cases involved estranged grandparents.A few have been to court, where recent laws give grandparents some leverage. Many other grandparents have not. Some have been wise and circumspect in efforts to mend relations with their deceased childs widow or widower. Some have not.Sometimes, the spouse is remarried and just doesnt have time for Grandma and Grandpa anymore, said Bill Doyle, who lost his son, Joseph, at the World Trade Center and maintains an e-mail registry of several thousand surviving relatives for the Coalition of 9/11 Families.Sometimes, the spouse and the grandparents had differences about whether to bury or cremate the remains, or about where remains should end up, Mr. Doyle added. Or sometimes, there is money at stake. Or the people just never liked each other and it comes to blows over the kids. It can get so ugly, its beyond belief. <> story
Idiocy in action <> Idiocy in action.Allison V. Smith for The New York TimesTeresa Hernandez taking an order on Fridayat a Pizza Patrn in Dallas.Pizza Chain Takes Pesos, and ComplaintsBy GRETEL C. KOVACHPublished: January 15, 2007DALLAS, Jan. 14  Jose Ramirez and two friends stopped by a Pizza Patrn here after work on Thursday for a carry-out dinner. Mr. Ramirez, his jeans dusted with white chalk from the construction site, ordered a Hawaiian and La Patrona  a large with the works.The chain, which has 59 stores in five states, is trying to attract Latinos by using Spanish.The chain is accepting pesos in a promotion.The pies cost him almost 220 big ones. Pesos, that is.Mr. Ramirez, 20, received his change in American coins and said he liked the chains new Pizza por Pesos promotion. He had been in the United States for 15 days  his home is in Guanajuato, Mexico  and he wanted to spend the last of his Mexican currency.I just arrived, he said in Spanish, smiling nervously. Its my first time here.The employees at this Pizza Patrn in East Dallas, one of 59 in five Southwestern and Western states, were still puzzling over the conversion rates almost a week after the chain started accepting peso bills on Jan. 8.But the promotion has already hit a nerve in the nationwide immigration debate. The companys Dallas headquarters received about 1,000 e-mail messages on Thursday alone. Some were supportive, but many called the idea unpatriotic, with messages like, If you want to accept the peso, go to Mexico! There were even a few death threats.Antonio Swad, president and founder of Pizza Patrn, said he was surprised by the outcry.I certainly wasnt expecting pizza for pesos to become a touchstone for the immigration issue, Mr. Swad said. It was nothing more than an effort to reinforce our brand promise to be the premier Latino pizza chain, he said. Were businessmen.The Latino population is significant and its important, Mr. Swad continued. Its here to stay. The United States is not going to be like it used to be; its going to be different, and it has an opportunity to be better.Mr. Swad, who is Italian-Lebanese and was born and raised in Columbus, Ohio, did not speak Spanish when he opened his first take-out pizzeria in Dallas in 1986. But he saw a business opportunity in the growing Latino minority in his neighborhood, and the way his customers struggled to order in English.A year later he changed the name from Pizza Pizza to Pizza Patrn, hired bilingual staff members and added items like La Mexicana, a pizza that includes spicy chorizo sausage and jalapeos.Pizza Patrn became a franchise in 2003, and same-store sales were up more than 34 percent in the most recent quarter compared with last year, Mr. Swad said.From 10 to 15 percent of business at his five Dallas pizzerias has been in pesos, he said. Despite the criticism, he said he would continue the promotion until the end of February as planned.Many Canadian businesses take US dollars for payment. So what is the big deal? <> story
Change sometimes isn't so fast <> Change sometimes isn't so fast.Angel Franco/The New York TimesYes, the Ill Will Can Be Subtle. Then, One Day, It Isnt.By DAN BARRYPublished: January 21, 2007GREENWOOD, La.Bullets shattered the peace in the home of Ernest Lampkins, mayor of Greenwood, La. Who did it remains unknown. To Mr. Lampkins, the motive is clear.Midnight in a handsome one-story house on Waterwood Drive. Hours after Ernest and Shirley Lampkins say goodnight to their teenage daughter, Brett, and to the first Sunday of the new year, a Sunday of churchgoing and turkey and chili and some of those sweet frozen grapes that Ernest likes so much. Two bullets pay a call.They explode through the living room window. They tear through the soft-yellow curtains that Shirley ordered from a catalog. They rocket past the Easter basket containing family snapshots, past Bretts bedroom door, past Ernests antique upright piano, past the framed portrait of father, mother and daughter in serene pose.One bullet strikes a golden candelabrum and splits: half whistles into a wall near the kitchen; half crashes through a French door  turning smooth glass into a spiders web of shards  and into the sunroom, four steps from the master bedroom.The other bullet slams so hard into the living room wall that it has to be pried out. It was a piece of lead about the size of my thumb, Mr. Lampkins recalls. They use that for killing deer.There are no deer in the Lampkins home. Only Brett, 17, a high school junior, who has just learned to drive and wears slippers that look like kittens. And Shirley, 62, a retired high school English teacher and administrator, who enjoys gardening and makes a delectable fig cake. And Ernest, 78, a retired educator who has a doctorate in ethnomusicology and is known throughout Louisiana for reaching children through music.Oh. One more thing about Ernest. He is also the mayor here in Greenwood, a quiet town of 2,600 a few miles west of Shreveport. Greenwood has a Dollar General store, a Mexican restaurant and some antebellum homes, including one once used as a Confederate hospital. It is predominantly white.Oh. And one more thing about the Lampkinses. They are black.On that night, Mr. and Mrs. Lampkins hear no gunshots, but their home alarm sounds, and they leave their bedroom to investigate. They stare at the shattered glass, and then at the holes in the front window. It does not register. Then it does.As the police arrive to interview and to collect the shell casings from the street, it is hard to forget that several days earlier, the black mayor in Westlake, about 230 miles south of here, was found shot to death, and that some people there dispute findings that he killed himself.Running for office can still be deadly for black men. <> law
More idiocy <> More idiocy.Another Bag of KrauthammersLast Friday, in his Washington Post op-ed "A Plausible Plan B," neoconservative pundit Charles Krauthammer was more openly skeptical of the surge option.If we were allied with an Iraqi government that, however weak, was truly national -- cross-confessional and dedicated to fighting a two-front war against Baathist insurgents and Shiite militias -- a surge of American troops, together with a change of counterinsurgency strategy, would have a good chance of succeeding. Unfortunately, the Iraqi political process has given us Nouri al-Maliki and his Shiite coalition.Krauthammer is confident that the U.S. troops will acquit themselves admirably (as am I), but that the surge effort "will fail, however, because the Maliki government will undermine it."Krauthammer proposes an alternative "Plan B" in which we tell Maliki:Let us down, and we dismantle the Green Zone, leave Baghdad and let you jfend for yourself; we keep the airport and certain strategic bases in the area; we redeploy most of our forces to Kurdistan; we maintain a significant presence in Anbar province, where we are having success in our one-front war against al-Qaeda and the Baathists. Then we watch. You can have your Baghdad civil war without us. [Italics added.]Krauthammer's Plan B sounds very much like Kissinger's "repositioning" plan, which sounds very much like someone else's Plan A that's been on the table for more than a year.And the American Army will eat how? The highways go through Baghdad and Anbar, as well as the Shia South. The Turks won't help us resupply. Kurds want Kurdistan. Not a US occupation. <> politics
Only in Washington <> Only in Washington.Doug Mills/The New York TimesTaking Power, Sharing CerealSOME of the most powerful Democrats in America are split over a most incendiary household issue: rodents.I once had to pick up a mouse by the tail that Durbin refused to pick up, complained Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York, referring to his roommate Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois.This characterization is not fair to Mr. Durbin, interjected another tenant in the Capitol Hill row house, Representative Bill Delahunt of Massachusetts. For starters, it overlooks Mr. Durbins gift for killing rats. He will kill them with his bare hands, Mr. Delahunt marveled.Oh, will you stop with the rats, said the annoyed fourth roommate, Representative George Miller of California. He owns the house and is sensitive to any suggestion that he harbors pestilence. Its dicey enough that he harbors politicians.Think MTVs Real World with a slovenly cast of Democratic power brokers. While Washington may have more than its share of crash pads for policy-debating workaholics, few, if any, have sheltered a quorum as powerful as this one. About a quarter-mile southeast of the Capitol, the inelegantly decorated two-bedroom house has become an unlikely center of influence in Washingtons changing power grid. It is home to the second- and third-ranking senators in the new Democratic majority (Mr. Durbin, the majority whip, and Mr. Schumer, the vice chairman of the Democratic caucus) and the chairman of the House Democratic Policy Committee (Mr. Miller).Mr. Delahunt, a six-term congressman, is the least prominent of the four but perhaps the funniest. More to the point, he is the only one willing to sleep in the living room with a close-up view of Mr. Schumer slumbering a few feet away in his boxers.Mr. Miller began taking in weary lawmakers in 1982, but this is the first time in 12 years that four members of a Democratic majority have lived here simultaneously. The four men were once host to a fund-raiser for Senator Barbara Boxer of California at their divey dwelling, raising $80,000. Given the prevailing attire in the place on many nights, guests were given pairs of custom-made Barbara Boxer shorts.As a general rule, the abode is hardly fit for entertaining, or even for a health inspector. It is used for convenience: sleeping, ditching stuff, and fast-food consumption  the kinds of functions prized by vagabond politicians whose families are back in their home states and who generally spend only their working weekdays here.Everybody in the world says theyre going to do a television series based on us, said Mr. Durbin, who was collapsed on the couch on a recent Monday night. Still in a tie, he sipped ice water from a massive Chicago Cubs cup while waiting for the Chinese food to arrive. <> politics
Too close for comfort <> Too close for comfort.Jesse Jane plans cosmetic surgery to hide imperfections newly visible.In Raw World of Sex Movies, High Definition Could Be a View Too RealDigital PlaygroundBy MATT RICHTELPublished: January 22, 2007SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21  The XXX industry has gotten too graphic, even for its own tastes.Stormy Daniels says she isnt sure why anyone would want to see their porn in high definition because it makes the picture so crisp and clear.Pornography has long helped drive the adoption of new technology, from the printing press to the videocassette. Now pornographic movie studios are staying ahead of the curve by releasing high-definition DVDs.They have discovered that the technology is sometimes not so sexy. The high-definition format is accentuating imperfections in the actors  from a little extra cellulite on a leg to wrinkles around the eyes.Hollywood is dealing with similar problems, but they are more pronounced for pornographers, who rely on close-ups and who, because of their quick adoption of the new format, are facing the issue more immediately than mainstream entertainment companies.Producers are taking steps to hide the imperfections. Some shots are lit differently, while some actors simply are not shot at certain angles, or are getting cosmetic surgery, or seeking expert grooming.The biggest problem is razor burn, said Stormy Daniels, an actress, writer and director.Ms. Daniels is also a skeptic. Im not 100 percent sure why anyone would want to see their porn in HD, she said.The technologys advocates counter that high definition, by making things clearer and crisper, lets viewers feel as close to the action as possible.It puts you in the room, said the director known as Robby D., whose films include Sexual Freak.The pornographers progress with HD may also be somewhat slowed by Sony, one of the main backers of the Blu-ray high-definition disc format. Sony said last week that, in keeping with a longstanding policy, it would not mass-produce pornographic videos on behalf of the movie makers.The decision has forced pornographers to use the competing HD-DVD format or, in some cases, to find companies other than Sony that can manufacture copies of Blu-ray movies.The movie makers assert that it is shortsighted of Sony to snub them, given how pornography helps technologies spread.When youre introducing a new format, it would seem like the adult guys can help, said Steven Hirsch, co-chief executive officer of Vivid Entertainment Group, a big player in the industry. Mr. Hirsch added that high definition, regardless of format, is the future.Despite the challenges, pornographers  who distributed some 7,000 new movies on DVD last year and sold discs worth $3.6 billion in the United States  are rapidly moving to high-definition.One major company, Digital Playground, plans to release its first four HD-DVD titles this month, and plans four new ones each month. In March, Vivid plans to release Debbie Does Dallas ... Again, its first feature for both HD-DVD and Blu-ray. <> story
The Mayalan Emergency <> The Mayalan Emergency.Guerrilla WarDespite the usage of the term "emergency" it was in actuality a full-scale guerrilla war between the MNLA and British, Commonwealth, and Malayan armed forces; some have gone as far as to characterise it as a civil war. The rubber plantations and tin mining industries had pushed for the use of the term "emergency" since their losses would not have been covered by Lloyds insurers if it had been termed a "war". The MNLA commonly employed hit and run guerrilla tactics, sabotaging installations, attacking rubber plantations and destroying transportation and infrastructure.[1]Support for the MRLA was mainly based on around 500,000 ethnic Chinese then living in Malaya (there were 3.12 million Chinese in total); the ethnic Malay population for the most part did not support them. The MNLA raised the support of the Chinese because they were denied the equal right to vote in elections, had no land rights to speak of, and were usually very poor. The MNLA's agents within the Chinese community were known as "Min Yuen."The MNLA had its hideouts in the rather inaccessible tropical jungle with limited infrastructure. Most MNLA guerrillas were ethnic Chinese, though there were some Malays, Indonesians and Indians among its members. They were organized into communist political regiments with political sections, commissars, instructors and secret service. They also had lectures about Marxism-Leninism, and had political newsletters to be distributed to the locals. MNLA also stipulated that their soldiers had to get official permission for any romantic involvement with local women.In the international scene, the emerging Korean War eclipsed the developing conflict in Malaya. Part of the British attempt at resolving the situation was the implementation of the so-called "Briggs' Plan" which meant the resettlement of people  especially 400,000 Chinese  living in jungle areas to the relative safety of new, partially fortified villages with full round-the-clock armed sentries. People resented this at first but some soon became content with the better living standards in the villages. They were given money and ownership of the land they lived on. Removing a population which might be sympathetic to guerrillas was a counter-insurgency technique which the British had used before, notably against the Boer Commandos in the Second Boer War (18991902).At the start of the Emergency, the British had a total of 13 infantry battalions, comprising seven partly-formed Gurkha battalions, three British battalions, two battalions of the Royal Malay Regiment and a British Royal Artillery Regiment being utilised as infantry[2]. This force was too small to effectively meet the threat of the "Communist Terrorists" or "Bandits", and more infantry battalions were needed in Malaya.The British brought in soldiers from units like the Worcestershire Regiment, Royal Marines and King's African Rifles. Another effort was a re-formation of the Special Air Service as a specialised reconnaissance, raiding and counter-insurgency unit in 1950. The Permanent Secretary of Defence for Malaya, Sir Robert Thompson, had served in the Chindits in Burma during World War II, which meant that his vast experience in jungle warfare may have proved valuable during this period.In 1951, some British army units began a "hearts and minds campaign" by giving medical and food aid to Malays and indigenous Sakai tribes. At the same time, they put pressure on MNLA by patrolling the jungle. Units such as the SAS, the Royal Marines and Gurkha Brigade drove MNLA guerrillas deeper into the jungle and denied them resources. The MRLA had to extort food from the Sakai and earned their enmity. Many of the captured guerrillas changed sides. In comparison, the MRLA never released any Britons alive.In the end the conflict involved up to a maximum of 40,000 British and Commonwealth troops against a peak of about 78,000 communist guerrillas.On October 7, 1951, the MNLA ambushed and killed the British High Commissioner, Sir Henry Gurney. The killing has been described as a major factor in causing the Malayan psyche to roundly reject the MRLA campaign, and also as leading to widespread fear due to the perception that "if even the High Commissioner was no longer safe, there was little hope of protection and safety for the man-in-the-street in Malaya."[3] More recently, MNLA leader Chin Peng has, by contrast, said that the killing had little effect, and that the communists anyway radically altered their strategy that month in their 'October Resolutions'. These responded to the Briggs Plan by reducing unit sizes, increasing jungle farming, and attempting to boost political work.Gurney's successor, Lieutenant General Gerald Templer was instructed by the British government to push for immediate measures to give ethnic Chinese residents the right to vote. He also pursued the Briggs's Plan, and sped up the formation of a Malayan army. At the same time he made it clear that the emergency itself was the main impediment to accelerating decolonisation. He also instituted financial rewards for detecting guerrillas by any civilians and expanded the intelligence network (Special Branch).Australia was willing to send troops to help a SEATO ally and the first Australian ground forces, the 2nd Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment (2RAR), arrived in 1955.[4] The battalion would later be replaced by 3RAR, which would in turn be replaced by 1RAR.Realising that his conflict has not come to any fruition, Chin Peng sought a referendum with the ruling British government alongside many Malayan officials at Baling in 1955. The meeting was clearly intended to pursue a mutual end to the conflict but led by Tunku Abdul Rahman, representing the Malayan government at the Baling Talks, all of Chin Peng's demands were dismissed. As a result, the conflict would appear to have been heightened and in response, New Zealand sent NZSAS soldiers, No. 14 Squadron RNZAF and later No. 75 Squadron RNZAF, and other Commonwealth members also sent troops to aid the British.With the independence of Malaya under Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman on August 31, 1957, the insurrection lost its rationale as a war of colonial liberation. The last serious resistance from MRLA guerrillas ended with a surrender in the Telok Anson marsh area in 1958. The remaining MRLA forces fled to the Thai border and further east.On July 31, 1960, the Malayan government declared the Emergency was over, and Chin Peng left south Thailand for Beijing where he was accommodated by the Chinese authorities in the International Liaison Bureau, where many other Southeast Asian Communist Party leaders were housed.During the conflict security forces killed 6,710 MRLA guerrillas and captured 1,287. Of the total number of guerrillas, 2,702 surrendered during the conflict and about 500 at the end of the conflict. There were 1,346 Malayan troops and 519 British military personnel killed. 2,478 civilians were killed and 810 recorded missing as a result of the conflict.[edit] ComparisonsAlthough the conflicts in Malaya and Vietnam differed on many points in so far as the details of their wars, it has been asked time and again by historians as to how a British force of 35,000 succeeded where over a half million soldiers of the U.S. and others failed. One of the main points that differentiated the two was that the MRLA never had a dependable ally close at hand like the Viet Cong did with the North Vietnamese Army.Another key point was the effectiveness of the Malayan Police Special Branch against the political arm of the guerilla movement[5][6].The MNLA was also, as mentioned above, a political movement almost entirely limited to ethnic Chinese; support among Muslim Malayans and smaller tribes was scattered if existent at all. The British war effort never suffered from anything approaching the criticism that hammered the U.S. in Vietnam, and the USSR and China were too involved in Korea to give serious aid to the MNLA. Also, many Malayans had fought side by side with the British against the Japanese occupation in World War II, including Chin Peng. This is in contrast to Indochina (Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia) where French colonial officials often operated as proxies and collaborators to the Japanese. This factor of trust between the locals and the colonials was what gave the British an advantage over the French and later, the Americans in Vietnam; Commonwealth troops saw ordinary civilians as allies, not enemies. <> story
Middle School? <> Middle School?. Taking Middle Schoolers Out of the MiddleBy ELISSA GOOTMANPublished: January 22, 2007When John Smith, a swaggering sixth grader at one of New York Citys growing collection of kindergarten- through eighth-grade schools, feels lost, he heads downstairs to the colorful classroom of his former third-grade teacher, Randi Silverman, for what she calls a Silverman hug.When I get mad I go to her, John, 11, said amid the lunchtime buzz in the cafeteria of his school, Public School 105, on the Rockaway peninsula in Queens. When I feel frustrated Ill go to her. When I feel like I cant do it no more I go to her, and she tells me I have to do it.Miles away at Frederick Douglass Academy in Harlem, a 6th- through 12th-grade school, teachers keep the sixth graders looking forward, toward college. One recent morning, a class peppered a guidance counselor, Michael Lloyd, with queries, from Where is Harvard? to What does Ph.D. stand for?The two schools, in disparate corners of the nations largest school system, are part of a national effort to rethink middle school, driven by increasingly well-documented slumps in learning among early adolescents as well as middle school crime rates and stubborn high school dropout rates.The schools share the premise that the way to reverse years of abysmal middle school performance is to get rid of middle schools entirely. But they represent opposite poles in the sharp debate over whether 11- through 13-year-olds are better off pushed toward adulthood or coddled a little longer.Should the nurturing cocoon of elementary school be extended for another three years, shielding 11-year-olds from the abrupt transition to a new school, with new students and teachers, at one of the most volatile times in their lives?Paul Vallas, chief executive of the Philadelphia school system, thinks so, and he has closed 17 traditional middle schools since 2002, while converting some three dozen elementary schools into K-8s. The fifth to sixth grade transition is just too traumatic, he said. At a time when children are undergoing emotional, physical, social changes, and when they need stability and consistency, suddenly theyre thrust into this alien environment.Others argue that 11-, 12- and 13-year-olds thrive in the presence of older role models and reminders of concrete goals, like playing varsity sports and getting into college.Kids are forward-looking  they dont get nostalgic for second grade when theyre in third grade, said Larry Woodbridge, principal of the Secondary School for Law in Park Slope, Brooklyn, where the award-winning high school debate team will teach a middle school social studies unit this spring. I think if you're going to have a middle school, you need to have it start at 5th, not 6th Grade. When I went to school, I started in 7th grade. But either way, I think the crucial age is 12. Whatever you do, you have to deal with 12 year olds as your focus <> story
Better to  drop FAE's instead <> Better to  drop FAE's instead.(AP Photo/Eric Gay)                   U.S. Air Force Staff Sgt. Michelle Manhart poses for a photo in San Antonio, Thursday, Jan. 11, 2007 Staff sgt. in trouble for Playboy picsSAN ANTONIO - An Air Force staff sergeant who posed nude for Playboy magazine has been relieved of her duties while the military investigates, officials said Thursday.In February's issue, hitting newsstands this week, Michelle Manhart is photographed in uniform yelling and holding weapons under the headline "Tough Love." The following pages show her partially clothed, wearing her dog tags while working out, as well as completely nude."This staff sergeant's alleged action does not meet the high standards we expect of our airmen, nor does it comply with the Air Force's core values of integrity, service before self, and excellence in all we do," Oscar Balladares, spokesman for Lackland Air Force Base, said in a statemen <> story
What can I do? <> What can I do?.Howard Alexander Add worried dad to grim Iraq tollAfter watching President Bush address the nation on Wednesday night, Howard Alexander went to bed repeating a question."What can I do?" Alexander kept asking.His was the question of an anguished 53-year-old Brooklyn father whose son was being held nearly a year beyond his enlistment as he serves a second tour in Iraq."What can I do? ..."That tour was itself being extended because the replacement unit had not had adequate stateside time since its own last combat hitch. Bush had now announced he was deploying more troops of an overextended Army."What can I do? ..."He had already written countless letters and made endless calls to politicians and military officials in an effort to get his son home."What can I do? ..."No answer came. Alexander suffered seemingly minor physical distress during the night, but told his wife he was all right and he rolled over. He never woke again.The autopsy found no evidence of heart trouble or an aneurysm. The best medical guess was his death resulted from a seizure disorder he had periodically experienced.Such seizures can be triggered and intensified by the biochemical changes that accompany stress. Nobody is saying Bush gave Alexander the condition. The possibility remains that a presidential address preceded by months of high anxiety translated into a blast of seizure-inducing norepinephrine, corticosteroids and other chemicals.You cannot help but wonder if perhaps this was the first death by speech."It wasn't Bush," his sister Diane Mooney charitably allows. "But he didn't help."Alexander's mother voices the stronger view that what ultimately killed her only son was the stress of having his boy serve two tours in Iraq, topped by watching the commander in chief announce he was dispatching more troops."I believe that caused his death," 82-year-old Mary Alexander said Friday night. "I believe in my heart and soul that's what put Howard where he is today. He couldn't take it." <> story
Provoking Sadr <> Provoking Sadr. Main aide of Muqtada al-Sadr arrestedBy KIM GAMEL, Associated Press Writer Fri Jan 19, 6:33 PM ETBAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. and Iraqi forces swooped into a mosque complex in east Baghdad on Friday and detained a top aide to radical anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, the latest in a series of operations aimed at eviscerating the leadership of the Mahdi Army militia.The raid drew immediate criticism from the Iraqi government, which complained it had not been consulted. An aide to Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, who owes his job as Iraqi leader to al-Sadr's backing, said the operation was not part of a coming joint U.S.-Iraq security drive.Under the plan, to which President Bush has committed an additional 21,500 American troops, U.S. commanders have been promised a freer hand against both Sunni insurgents and Shiite militiamen."There was no coordination with the Iraqi political leadership and this arrest was not part of the new security plan," Sadiq al-Rikabi, the al-Maliki adviser, told Al-Arabiya television. "Coordination with the Iraqi political leadership is needed before conducting such operations that draw popular reactions."Abdul-Hadi al-Darraji was captured in the early morning raid and his bodyguard was killed in what Abdul-Zahra al-Suweiadi, a senior al-Sadr aide, called a "cowardly act." Al-Sadr's office said al-Darraji was media director for the cleric's political movement and demanded his immediate release."America is playing with fire and our patience is beginning to fade," said Abdul-Razzaq al-Nidawi, an al-Sadr aide in the Shiite holy city of Najaf. "This savage barbarian act will not pass peacefully."The U.S. military, in a statement that did not name al-Darraji or mention the Mahdi Army by name, said special Iraqi army forces operating with U.S. advisers had "captured a high-level, illegal armed group leader" in Baghdad's Baladiyat neighborhood, which is adjacent to Sadr City, the Mahdi Army stronghold."Iraqi forces detained him based on credible intelligence that he is the leader of an illegal armed group (involved in) ... the organized kidnapping, torture and murder of Iraqi civilians. The suspect is also reportedly involved in the assassination of numerous Iraqi Security Forces members and government officials," the U.S. statement said.It said two other suspects were detained for questioning.Also Friday, the top American commander in Iraq, Gen. George Casey, said he thought some of the extra troops might return home after a few months."I think it's probably going to be the summer, late summer, before you get to the point where people in Baghdad feel safe in their neighborhoods," Casey said at a news conference at Tallil Air Base in southern Iraq with visiting Defense Secretary Robert Gates.Asked how long the additional American forces would remain, Casey replied, "I believe the projections are late summer."The first group of extra troops  a brigade of the 82nd Airborne Division  has just arrived in Baghdad, and Gates said it was too early to predict how Bush's plan for quelling the sectarian violence in the capital will work.Four other brigades are to be sent to Iraq between now and May, assuming the Iraqis follow through on their commitment to bring three additional Iraqi army brigades into Baghdad and to allow raids against all illegal militias.Gates' daylong visit was not announced in advance. The defense chief met with U.S. commanders and their allied counterparts as the Bush troop buildup was encountering widespread opposition in Congress.House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (news, bio, voting record) said Friday that the Iraq war "is not an obligation of the American people in perpetuity." The president, she said, "has dug a hole so deep he can't even see the light on this. It's a tragedy. It's a stark blunder."Democratic support was building around a resolution that would rebuff Bush's plans for more troops to Iraq, and more Republicans were looking for ways to sign on to the measure.In an interview with an Italian newspaper, al-Sadr said the U.S.-Iraqi security crackdown already has begun. And he confirmed reports that 400 Mahdi Army men have been arrested.The La Repubblica interviewer quoted al-Sadr as saying he feared for his life and stayed on the move constantly. His aides have told The Associated Press he seldom sleeps in the same place for two nights in succession.Al-Sadr said his militias would not fight back immediately because Islam forbids killing during the Muslim holy month of Muharram, which starts Friday for Sunnis and Saturday for Shiites."Let them kill us. For a true believer there is no better moment than this to die: Heaven is ensured," he was quoted as saying. "After Muharram, we'll see."Al-Sadr said he is being targeted."For this reason, I have moved my family to a secure location. I even have had a will drawn up, and I move continuously in a way that only few can know where I am," he was quoted as saying by La Repubblica. <> politics
Jenna writes a book <> Jenna writes a book.First Twin Jenna Shops a BookJenna Bush and the First LadyYou can soon add the title of author to first daughter Jenna Bush's rsum. Whispers learns that the 25-year-old blond twin of Barbara Bush is shopping a book proposal to major publishers in New York City. We're told that the project is vague and that she's initially only gauging publishers' interest. The White House wouldn't comment, but others say it will be a young-adult book based on the former grade school teacher's experiences with charity causes in Latin America. It ought to sell: She's represented by super lawyer-agent Robert Barnett, who squired her around publishing offices in the Big Apple earlier this month. The profits will go to charity.Do people realize how disliked Jenna Bush is?How many people think her ass belongs in Iraq?Who cares if she writes a book? <> misc
Yawn, Hillary's In <> Yawn, Hillary's In.Clinton Says Im In to Win 2008 RaceBy PATRICK HEALYPublished: January 20, 2007  Im in, she says in a statement on her new campaign Web site. And Im in to win.Mrs. Clinton, 59, called for bold but practical changes in foreign, domestic, and national security policy and said that she would focus on finding a right end to the Iraq war, expanding health insurance, pursuing greater energy independence and strengthening Social Security and Medicare.In her statement, Mrs. Clinton also squarely confronted an issue that concerns many Democrats: Whether she can, in fact, win the presidency. Some voters still associate her most with the controversies of the Clinton administration, and Republicans have long attacked and caricatured her, and plan to brand her as indecisive on Iraq. I have never been afraid to stand up for what I believe in or to face down the Republican machine, Mrs. Clinton said on the Web site. After nearly $70 million spent against my campaigns in New York and two landslide wins, I can say I know how Washington Republicans think, how they operate, and how to beat them.If successful, Mrs. Clinton would be the first female nominee of a major American political party, and she would become the first spouse of a former president to seek a return to the White House. President Bill Clinton left office in 2000 after two terms marked by robust economic expansion and a series of investigation into his personal life and the Clintons business dealings.The successes and shadows of those years will likely loom over Mrs. Clinton, who was both a hands-on adviser and a divisive presence in his administration.Yet Mrs. Clinton has become a major political figure in her own right: She is broadly popular with women, African-Americans, and other core groups in the Democratic Party, and she is one of the partys best fundraisers and most sought-after speakers. She is admired by many independents and Republicans in New York, winning re-election last year by 30 points. While she is not associated with any major piece of legislation, she is widely regarded as an effective, thoughtful lawmaker who has built bipartisan tiesLet's see.Only 72 percent of Americans will vote for a woman.Hilary Clinton is the most detested politician outside of the Bush Administration.So detested, her name is a punchline in most of AmericaShe can't campaign for Dems outside the Far West and Northeast.She has zero legislative accomplishments.She supported the Iraq warShe has no national security experienceShe has no defining political philosophy.I think the Clinton campaign is a house of cards. When she is pressed hard and expected to actually take controversal stands, she is going to falter. She is a cautious politician, who despite all of her experiences, does not gauge the antipathy she faces on the left and the middle.There isn't a chance in hell I would support Clinton, or to be honest, Obama, in a primary at this point. Neither has done more than talk and that will not cut it when we have to salvage our reputation and foreign policy. <> politics
No kids for gays <> No kids for gays.They hate gay pengiuns too Faith  Reason: Ruth Kelly, her hard-line church and a devout PM wrestling with his conscienceCatholic-run adoption agencies should retain the right to ban gay couples, say Tony Blair and Ruth Kelly. Most other cabinet members are horrified at the thought - and the scene is set for a political holy war. Francis Elliott reportsPublished: 21 January 2007She is a devout Catholic and member of the Opus Dei sect. His leanings to Rome have been rewarded with audiences in front of successive Popes.So, when Tony Blair and Ruth Kelly team up to deny gay couples equal access to church-run adoption agencies, as we reveal today, it is little wonder that their opponents believe it is the "Catholic tendency" at work."We are descending into a spiral of immorality," said Cardinal Keith O'Brien, leader of the Catholic church in Scotland, when that country brought its laws into line with those of the rest of the UK to allow local authorities to place children with gay parents, just before Christmas.Now, a further change in the law to remove from Catholic-run adoption agencies the right to ban gay people threatens to provoke a full-scale battle throughout the UK.Archbishop Vincent Nichols, who is set to become the leader of England's Catholics, recently warned the Government not to "impose on us conditions which contradict our moral values"."It is simply unacceptable to suggest that the resources of... adoption agencies ... can work in co-operation with public authorities only if the faith communities accept not just the legal framework but also the moral standards being touted by the Government," he sermonised last November.When it comes to Mr Blair, the archbishop is preaching to the converted, according to senior ministers. The Prime Minister first asked Alan Johnson, then responsible, to include a loophole in anti-discrimination legislation to allow the Catholic ban on gay parents early last year.When he refused, the PM moved him and handed the equalities brief to Ms Kelly, whom he knew could be trusted to back him on the issue. But a cabinet row last October delayed the introduction of the Equality Act until this April.Ms Kelly now has to produce the regulations that spell out exactly how the new law will work, and the pressure is building towards an explosive political battle.Mr Johnson remains implacably opposed to any exemption and is being supported by Peter Hain, Jack Straw, David Miliband, Des Browne and even Mr Blair's close friend Lord Falconer.For his part, the Prime Minister can count only on Ms Kelly and John Hutton if the issue is pressed to the point of a full meeting of the cabinet committee that settles disputes on domestic policy. Members of the Domestic Affairs Committee, chaired by John Prescott, have been expecting a letter from Ms Kelly on the new regulations for weeks. Her aides say she will send them her proposals this week after further "detailed policy discussions with colleagues".But Mr Blair can't count on much support among backbenchers. Angela Eagle, who topped a recent election to become the vice-chairman of the Parliamentary Labour Party, and Chris Bryant, MP for Rhondda, have been leading behind-the-scenes efforts to defeat the "Catholic tendency".In a meeting last week Ms Kelly insisted that her wish to allow church-run adoption agencies to discriminate against gay couples had nothing to do with her own religious sensibilities.Instead, the Communities Secretary said, she was acting in the best interests of vulnerable children since the Catholic bishops were threatening to close the seven agencies run by the church rather than comply.The bishops point across the Atlantic at the example provided by the closure of an adoption agency by the Catholic church in Boston after the passing of anti-discrimination laws. It could no longer reconcile its operation with the Vatican ruling that gay adoption was "gravely immoral", it said.At least in the UK, this is deemed offensive and unacceptable. <> story
HDTV <> HDTV. High-Def DisconnectFor $1,399 and Endless Add-Ons He Got 12 ChannelsBy Howard BryantWashington Post Staff WriterSunday, January 21, 2007; Page F01Back in August, my needs were simple. As one of the reporters covering the Redskins for The Post, I needed a television and a way to record games so I could analyze what turned out to be a five-win season. A $119 combination 13-inch TV with a VCR would have solved the problem.Instead, I ended up taking the high-definition plunge, spending $1,399 for a far-bigger and fancier television set than I originally had in mind. As I left the store with my new HDTV, my confidence was boosted by approving nods from people in the parking lot. Most new HDTVs have inputs for both types of high-definition cables, but not all video sources - cable or satellite boxes, upconverting DVD players or high-def video game consoles - use the same connections. Both types of cables can sell from $10 to $100, with minimal difference in quality. (Ignore composite and S-Video connections, which can?t carry a high-def signal.)"It's going to change your life," one man said.If only someone had told me that buying the set was the easiest part.Since then, I have been riding a high-definition roller coaster -- mesmerized by the new TV's crystal-clear images but disillusioned by the disappointingly low number of HD channels you get in exchange for the investment of the upgrade.My purchase put me in a growing wave of people switching to high definition. Last year, more than 13 million HDTV sets were shipped to stores in the United States, and the Consumer Electronics Association predicts that even more -- closer to 16 million -- will hit shelves this year.Moving into HDTV had been on my mind for a while. I'd been admiring a 50-inch plasma, and its dropping price tag, for about a year, but I was still fighting the psychological barrier of paying such big money for a TV. I'd spent less than $300 on a 27-inch Toshiba tube set only four years ago and wasn't mentally ready to shell out four figures for a replacement.And so, faced with the onset of the season and needing a second set at home, I headed out with self-restraint and intentions of saving money by going low-tech -- until I started comparing prices and saw how much they had come down.A 27-inch tube set is the same price today as the one I bought four years ago, around $275, but a Polaroid 20-inch flat-panel, HD television was less than $50 more, at $318. A 32-inch combination TV-VCR cost in the mid-$300s, but a Samsung 32-inch HD was in the low $600s, which didn't seem unreasonable considering the quality of the picture.So why should we get this? <> misc
The scourge of the Kagans <> The scourge of the Kagans.This fat fuck is FrederickKaganFrederick Kagan is an Unqualified Fraud: Read His CV Here by The Angry Rakkasan  Sun Jan 14, 2007 at 06:29:00 PM PST        Frederick Kagan is the neo-conservative scholar to whom George W. Bush listens.  Working for the conservative think tank AEI, Kagan supposedly gives the Bush administration intellectual coveras he is one of the few academic "experts" who supports the Presidents ideas.  He can often be found on C-SPAN, sitting on a distinguished-looking panel, articulating his views on the Iraq insurgency.  He is admired by neo-conservatives around the world as being highly knowledgeable in this field, and he is said to have the ear of the President.        So what are Kagans credentials if hes such an expert on the Iraq insurgency?  Well, as it turns out, hes actually completely unqualified, to a point that borders on fraud.  Lets take a look at his CV....           If youre still not sure who Frederick Kagan is, he is the author of the following oft cited articles that directly refute the Iraq Study Group Report:  Choosing Victory: A Plan for Success in IraqThe Right Type of "Surge": Any Troop Increase Must Be Large and LastingSend More Troops to Baghdad and Well Have a Fighting Chance          A neo-conservative of the highest order, Kagan is an influential member of the Project for the New American Century.        So the question is, if Kagan is such an expert on military affairs and the Iraq insurgency, where did he get this expertise?  But before we address that question, I would like to note that I believe there are two primary means for obtaining information that would qualify one as an "expert."  These are: 1.)  Substantial personal experience and 2.) Conducting scholarly research.  Thus, as an "expert," we could assume Kagan has one or both of these concerning our current foreign policy predicament.        So lets start from the top, using information that comes from Kagans own Curriculum Vitae, as provided by his employer, AEI:  Experience, specifically, relevant military experience:           None.  Frederick Kagan has never donned a uniform or led troops in combat.            Okay, thats no big deal.  Lots of people whove never served in the military are experts in the field of military strategy.  So lets turn to Kagans education.  Education:           Kagan graduated in 1991 from Yale University with a B.A. in Soviet and East European Studies.  After graduating, he took on a position as an "unsalaried intern" at the Department of Defense, working for the Assistant Deputy Under-Secretary for Russian, Eurasian, and East European Affairs.  He worked on projects concerning the Russian army, Russias relations with the other former Soviet republics, and the development of the armies of those republics.  Kagan then headed back home to Yale for grad school, which he completed in 1995 by being awarded a Ph.D. in Russian and Soviet Military History.          Okay, so theres not a lot there.  No study of the Middle East and no practical experience in the areas of Arab history or insurgencies.  As a student, it is clear that Kagan was focused primarily on the Cold War.         But of course, many scholars eventually specialize in fields they didnt study in school.  They do this through scholarly research after theyve taken a position as a researcher or instructor at a university.  So maybe Kagan did the same after 1995.  Lets take a look at his body of workhis research publications:  Publications          If you havent already looked at it, Kagan has a seven-page CV that lists his education and all of his publications.  This is fairly common for academics.  What makes Kagans different, is that virtually all of his work is not peer-reviewed (or, refereed).  For those who havent suffered through graduate school, this means that his work has little to no academic merit.  On Talking Points Memo today, reader PS offers an analysis of Kagans CV:   From what I can tell, he has no serious background studying the issues that are at the core of his "surge" plan.  So I am completely baffled by the extent to which the media has given him credibility as a "military expert"....  His CV reveals no publications in refereed history or political science journals in the last decade.  Basically the intellectual architect of the surge is an op-ed/Weekly Standard writer whose only substantive expertise is on Napoleon.           For the most part, PS is correct.  However, Ive gone through Kagans CV line-by-line and found some mistakes and some interesting points.        First, Kagan has actually authored four peer-reviewed journal articles since earning his Ph.D., though this is a paltry number for any respectable academic.  Three have been published in the last decade, but none have been published in the last nine years.  Here they are:    "The Evacuation of Soviet Industry in the Wake of Barbarossa: A Key to the Soviet Victory," The Journal of Slavic Military Studies, Volume 8, Number 2, pp. 387-414. 1997.  "Army Doctrine and Modern War: Notes toward a New Edition of FM 100-5," in Parameters, Spring 1997.  1998.  "Star Wars in Real Life: Political Limitations on Space Warfare," Parameters, Vol. XXVIII, No. 3, Autumn 1998, pp. 112-120.    "Back to the Future: NSC-68 and the Right Course for America Today," The SAIS Review, vol. XIX, no. 1 (Winter-Spring 1999), pp. 55-71.         Of course, these have nothing to do with insurgencies, Iraq, or the Middle East in general.  It should also be noted that, though they made it through the peer-review process, Kagans articles in Parameters are very poorly researched and cited.  See for yourself.        Kagan has also written chapters for several peer-reviewed books including The Military History of Tsarist Russia in which he wrote chapters on the Napoleonic Era and the reign of Nicholas I (2002), The Military History of the Soviet Union in which he wrote chapters on Soviet Operational Art and World War II after Stalingrad (2002), and Reforming the Tsars Army, in which he wrote a chapter called "Russian Military Reform in the Age of Napoleon" (2004).        That is the extent of Kagans scholarly work.  On the other hand, he has published a wealth of non-scholarly magazine articles (mostly for the Weekly Standard) and newspaper opinion pieces.        Kagan is also relatively well known for his recently published book on Napoleon called The End of the Old Order: Napoleon and Europe, 1801-1805.  Now, to me, that sounds academic.  Right?  Da Capo Press publishes it and they probably focus on military history.  Right?  Wrong.  Da Capo is not an academic press and its not associated with any scholarly institution.  In fact, here are some of Da Capos latest titles on their web site:   Some of our recent bestselling highlights, include Sport's Illustrated's #1 football book of all time, H.G. Bissinger's Friday Night Lights, Alex Kershaw's The Bedford Boys: One American Town's Ultimate D-Day Sacrifice, Toby Young's How to Lose Friends and Alienate People, Pier Paul Read's The Templars, Michael Flocker's The Metrosexual Guide to Style and The Hedonism Handbook, and Kind of Blue: The Making of the Mile's Davis Masterpiece.        Da Capo Lifelong Books features a wide array of authors and books on pregnancy, parenting, health, fitness, and relationships, including: Your Pregnancy Week by Week, Dr. Susan Love's Breast Book (called "the Bible for women with breast cancer" by the New York Times), the Take Care of Yourself series, Mari Winsor's Pilates bestsellers, Dr. T. Berry Brazelton's Touchpoints and Touchpoints Three to Six, The Children's Hospital Guide to Your Child's Health and Development, Dr. Stanley Greenspan's The Child with Special Needs, Dr. Mike Riera's popular Field Guide to the American Teenager and Staying Connected to Your Teenager, Bill Bridges's "Transitions" bestsellers, and the entire range of Your Pregnancy guides by Dr. Glade Curtis, and many more.           I invite anyone skeptical of anything Ive written to check out the links Ive provided, especially the one to Kagans CV.  Frederick Kagan is a fraud in that he espouses knowledge on military matters in Iraq that he does not have.  He has never served in the military and he has never conducted scholarly research on the Middle East, much less Iraq or Iraqi society.  And still, AEI maintains that Kagan   specializes in defense issues and the American military. In particular he studies defense transformation, the defense budget, and defense strategy and warfare.   Yet I would like to see proof.  Where?  Where has Frederick Kagan ever specialized in defense issues and the American military?  I want to see it.  Young Americans are dying for it.  Where and when did he study defense transformation and strategy?  Was it during his "unsalaried internship" in 1992?  I want to know.      This is who the President of the United States listens to on Iraq--a student of Russian and Napoleonic history.  This is madness.  Frederick Kagan is an amateur who should be exposed and run out of Washington on a rail for all the damage he is doing to our nation.      I welcome comments from anyone who may have further information on this subject <> politics
Fading away <> Fading away.Johan Spanner for The New York TimesMembers of the Mahdi Army set up checkpointsin Shiite neighborhoods like Topchi, in Baghdad,but melt away when American patrols pass by.Shiite Fighters Arrested in Crackdown, Iraq SaysBy SABRINA TAVERNISEPublished: January 18, 2007BAGHDAD, Jan. 17  Facing intense pressure from the Bush administration to show progress in securing Iraq, senior Iraqi officials announced Wednesday that they had moved against the countrys most powerful Shiite militia, arresting several dozen senior members in the past few weeks.It was the first time the Shiite government of Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki had claimed significant action against the militia, the Mahdi Army, one of the most intractable problems facing his administration. The militias leader, the cleric Moktada al-Sadr, helped put Mr. Maliki in power, but pressure to crack down on the group has mounted as its killings in the capital have driven a wedge into efforts to keep the country together.Although the announcement seemed timed to deflect growing scrutiny by an American administration that has grown increasingly frustrated with Mr. Maliki, American officers here offered some support for the governments claims, saying that at least half a dozen senior militia leaders had been taken into custody in recent weeks.In perhaps the most surprising development, the Americans said, none of the members had been prematurely released, a chronic problem as this government has frequently shielded Shiite fighters.There was definitely a change in attitudes, in the past three to four weeks, a senior American military officer said, speaking on condition of anonymity.Mr. Maliki, in a meeting with foreign journalists on Wednesday, said 400 Mahdi militiamen had been arrested within the last few days. A senior government official said later by telephone that the total number arrested was 420 and that they had been detained in 56 operations beginning in October. Several dozen senior leaders have been detained in the past several weeks, the senior official said on condition of anonymity. He said the total number of senior commanders did not exceed 100.Still, some American military officials remained skeptical that the effort was more than just a short-term attempt to appease them at a time when American government support for Mr. Maliki appeared to have sunk to an all-time low.If Sadr didn't approve, they would not be there.He wants the Americans to move first. <> politics
More dead in Iraq <> More dead in Iraq. Bombings Kill 60 at University In Baghdad34,452 Iraqi Civilians Died Violently in '06, U.N. SaysBy Joshua PartlowWashington Post Foreign ServiceWednesday, January 17, 2007; Page A01BAGHDAD, Jan. 16 -- The coordinated detonation of two bombs during the after-school rush at a Baghdad university killed at least 60 people Tuesday and wounded more than 140 in what university officials described as one of the deadliest attacks on academia since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion.The spate of killings, which also included a bombing outside a Sunni Muslim shrine in a predominantly Shiite neighborhood of central Baghdad, made plain the difficulties facing U.S. and Iraqi troops poised for their latest effort to tamp down rampant violence in the capital. It coincided with a report from the United Nations that said 34,452 Iraqi civilians died violently last year -- an average of 94 per day -- an estimate nearly triple the death toll provided by three Iraqi government ministries.Gianni Magazzeni, chief of the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq, said the killings were driven by strife between Sunni and Shiite militants. "Without significant progress in the rule of law, sectarian violence will continue indefinitely and eventually spiral out of control," he said.News agencies reported that at least 30 other people died violently in Iraq on Tuesday, bringing the day's total to about 100.At Mustansiriya University, sophomore Dyana Ayad had finished her Arabic elocution test, then walked through the college gardens, turned right toward a pedestrian overpass and joined the crowd of students waiting for buses. The pressure filled her ears a split second before she heard the sound of a bomb."I saw unbelievable things," the 20-year-old recalled Tuesday night. "There were tiny pieces of papers, burned papers everywhere. And dark smoke, white smoke. . . . I saw arms, legs, body parts flying in the air. The sky was raining burning paper and body parts."Firefighters and police sped to the scene of the wreckage, near Palestine Street in eastern Baghdad, doused the flaming cars and buses, and ferried bloodied students to hospitals throughout the city. Students ran in panic to find their friends, witnesses said, picking through what one student called "pieces of meat."The university's assistant president, Fadhil al-Amri, found a human head on the ground outside his office, next to a severed hand. <> law
The battle of the exploding pigs <> The battle of the exploding pigs. Exploding pigs and volleys of gunfire as Le Pen opens HQ in virtual worldViolent clashes have erupted in an online world over the arrival of Le Pen's national frontOliver Burkeman in PorcupineSaturday January 20, 2007The GuardianThe streets of Porcupine were tranquil yesterday; a handful of locals strolled through its shopping malls, the sun was shining, and a light breeze blew in from over the hills. There were few hints of the fact that, only days before, the neighbourhood had been the scene of violent clashes between rightwing extremists and anti-Nazi protesters - running battles involving gunfire and bombs that might easily have cost lives were it not for the fact that Porcupine does not, in most commonly accepted senses of the term, exist.A lesson you quickly learn upon entering the online virtual world of Second Life, however, is that non-existence is less of an impediment than might be supposed.It hasn't stopped the development of a fully-featured alternative universe in which Second Life's 2.4 million registered users build houses, set up businesses, form clubs and societies, hold parties and have sex. And it did not prevent protest from spilling over into aggression when the Front National, the far-right French group led by Jean-Marie Le Pen, became the first European political party to open a headquarters within Second Life."The first night I arrived at the protest ... it was ringed on all sides by protesters with signs to wave and statements to distribute," wrote James Au, whose website, New World Notes, reports on events in Second Life. "By the second night I came ... the conflict had become more literal, for many residents had armed themselves. Multi-coloured explosions and constant gunfire shredded the air of Porcupine." Some activists threw exploding pigs."This nationalist idea that Front National is advocating is something that has spread all over Europe like a virus," a protester, using the name Ichi Jaehun, told Mr Au. "It's [as if] the history of the 20th century has already been forgotten. It is time to say enough!"A group calling itself Second Life Left Unity issued press releases explaining that it had purchased land next to the Front National office, and would be "manning a protest there until FN go or are ejected. Wherever fascists are, we will ensure they get no peace to corrupt and lie to decent people".A few days later, the Front National building had vanished altogether, leaving only a few protest placards showing Mr Le Pen - who made it through to the final round of the last real-world French presidential election in 2002 - wearing a Hitler moustache.It was probably inevitable that political confrontation would arrive in Second Life in the end. It is already home to one of the most potentially revolutionary developments on the internet in recent years - a vibrant economy in which residents use a virtual currency, Linden dollars, to buy and sell goods and services, including clothes for their online characters, works of art, buildings, and financial advice.Because users retain legal ownership of the things they create, and because Linden dollars can be turned into US dollars via an exchange operated by Linden Lab, the company behind Second Life, the virtual-world businesses have real-world value. Numerous real firms have opened outlets in Second Life, and a woman living in Germany has reportedly become its first dollar millionaire - from the property development business she runs inside Second Life. <> misc
Why the fuck is he making military policy <> Why the fuck is he making military policy.You know, I have a couple of hundred military history books.But, never, in my wildest dreams, would I look a bunch of 19 year olds in the face and say let's go take that building. Because I don't know the first thing about leading men in combat.Why the fuck is the president listening to this fat motherfucker who wouldn't know how to load an M-4,  much less take one apart in the dark. If I had served with Jack Keane, I would call him a disgrace to the Army for allowing the president to listen to this assclown. I mean, I would fly to Washington, have lunch with him and say this shit to his face. No letter, no e-mail, face to fucking face.He would deserve that much consideration.Robert Kagan has no business making war. None. He is so shitty at his chosen profession, he isn't even a tenured professor, but an assclown at a think tank.But the sick part is that people who know better are pushing this bullshitYou know, I respected Harry McMaster, until I realized he was bucking for a star. As a battlefield commander in the 1991 Gulf War, his personal courage was unquestioned. But when I read the self-serving bullshit he was pushing out about Tal Afar, shit his own men didn't believe, shit reporters exposed as bullshit, that he had gotten rid of the terrorists. Hell, the Shia were calling for the Wolf Brigade to kill the Turkomen and Sunnis.Instead of pushing this shit, he should have retired to oppose this.But he picked the wrong branch. Back in the day, Armored Cav was the shit,  going up the Fulda Gap, it was a good job, but times change. The future of that branch is Strikers and armored cars, not M-1's and Bradleys. So what's a man to do?He refashions himself as a counterinsurgency expert. Which he accomplished by driving a tank.Someone at JSOC has had a good laugh over this.You have this fat piece of shit, Kagan, pushing a plan, supported by people who lost their fucking minds  or never had them to begin with. Petraeus is either an optimist or hid his Courtney Massingale side until late in his career.  Even though I was not a fan of the way Charles Swannick led the 82nd in Iraq, he, John Baptiste and Paul Eaton are so morally and ethically above him it's shocking. They had the decency to retire and tell the truth.Now, a lot of the hype about Petraeus comes from Rick Atkinson, who between his history of the Army in WWII, did go to Iraq.  But he's mostly a light infantry guy, with some leg infantry time. But mostly he was 101 and 82nd. He is no SF type. Yet, he was allow to toss out the parts he didn't like.Again, JSOC had people rolling their eyes.How the fuck is Ray Odierno in command of anything besides his lawn mower. His command of the 4th ID was a disgrace. You have Buford Blount, who successfully led the 3ID nearly cashiered for asking too many questions during the drive to Baghdad, and you have Odierno, who's battalion commanders sucked, one being a raving lunatic who sought out ambushes, now running the war.Odierno should have been forced to retire. Period.When will someone like Wes Clark or Tony Zinni put the cards on the table and say the obvious: why the fuck are you listening to Robert fucking Kagan.  They are embarassing the Army and their chosen profession by listening to this fucking moron. I mean, have they no pride? No respect for their own profession? Robert Kagan sits in a room and makes shit up. He has no experience in war. To take his advice seriously should draw the scorn of their peers.This is akin to taking a health care analyst and telling him to remove a bullet. Kagan writes books. He has no business making military policy. None, and Odierno and Petraeus should be ashmed as professional military men to take his idiotic fucking advice. <> politics
The good old days my ass <> The good old days my ass.Power to the people and my handlerMY LEFT FANNYBy Max SawickyAll generalizations about "the 1960s left" are false, except for this one.Matt Stoller is well-situated to talk about the intersection of contemporary internet-based protest and the Democratic Party. He does not seem very current on the boots-on-the-ground left that is responsible for the huge anti-war demonstrations we have seen since 2002, as well as for local organizing against Wal-Mart and for the "living wage." About the 60s left, he is all wet. Why does this matter? It speaks to the limits of the netroots when it comes to policy, program, ideology, and intellectual world-view.The "Internet Left" is a mostly brainless vacuum cleaner of donations for the Democratic Party.Let's go chronologically. Two preeminent organs of the 1960s left were the Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) and Students for a Democratic Society (SDS). SNCC had at least two distinct vintages which I would characterize as before and after Stokely. Before was integrationist, social-democratic, and reformist. After was black nationalist and radical.SDS was never a centralized organization with a unified ideology. The politics of its presidents (and later a collective leadership) changed significantly over the years. At the beginning there were social-democratic and laborist roots. Soon there was a decentralist community organizing focus, alienated from the Democratic Party. Later still there was serious, non-dogmatic interest in Marx (my favorite period, typified by people like Carl Oglesby and Carl Davidson). Later still we had the deranged "Weather-people," multiple Maoist and Trotskyist formations, the Stalinist Enver Hoxha-lovin' Progressive Labor Party, etc. etc.How in the world could you generalize about this Tower of Babel? Matt tries to, invoking the term "post-scarcity," which applies to hardly any of the worthies above. He suggests that economics was ignored. This is rubbish. Even those most alienated from the U.S. working class did not hold the starving Third World masses to be under the yoke of a post-scarcity economy.Think of how today's media characterizes "angry bloggers" and the netroots, and consider whether TIME Magazine-type descriptions of SDS or SNCC would have been accurate. In TIME Magazine, then and now, you do not read about class politics. You learn about Stokely Carmichael and Al Sharpton, not about Bill Fletcher or Adolph Reed. You hear about protectionism from the Buchanan right, never from the global justice left.In TIME Magazineland, the latter 90s and "welfare reform" were triumphs of Clintonomics, not the targets of withering critiques.The contemporary "Internet left" is not very left. It is vociferous, partisan, and alert to opportunities to nail Republicans and Joe Lieberman. And there's nothing wrong with that. But left? Please.* The netroots criticized the Iraqi effort a) for not gaining the support of the U.N.; b) for not armoring the troops sufficiently; c) for not proving the existence of WMDs; d) for not proving connections to Al Queda; e) for not using enough troops. Can we presume that if George H.W. Bush had been there to get the support of the U.N. and prove Saddam had WMDs, an invasion would have been justified?Max,Let's start with the last first. I remember Kos and I calling the Iraq war a failed colonial adventure in 2002, before it was started. I predicted that someone like Sadr would rise to power and the exiles would be rejected. But I guess generalizations are fine when one is engaged in a romantic retelling of the 1960's. But with Google, you will see I predicted the failure of Iraq from before the invasion.Now, it's easy to pick on Matt, because this is all history to him, but I'm a little older and I find your comments bordering on Kagan-like misrepresentation.The "Internet Left" has done more in three years than any of the groups you hail as heroes from the 1960's did in 10 years. Why? Because neither SDS or SNCC were actually interested in democratic politics. They morphed into terrorists. Now, it's all nice to recall the Panthers and their cute black leather jackets, but in the end, they were bait for the FBI because they preached guns and violence. Neither SDS or SNCC lived more than a few years because they had no interest in working with people, only "the people". Their community organizing skills rarely coopted the people who could make them last. They centered on a dynamic leader, not the community.The New Left failed because it was arrogant. It didn't listen and didn't care about the people they were supposed to work with. They wanted to lead without listening.You should remind people how the Panthers devolved into drug-dealing gangsters. It was macho theatrics, not real leadership. The SDS, which morphed into the Weathermen, are remembered for their incompetence in bomb making.Now, if you think being on the left is about Marx and discussions, you have to be kidding. Who was going to listen to that?The people who suceeded were the ones who left the "movement" and ran for office, or who grew up, like Joseph Lowery.Then we had the autocratic Nader movement, with one leader, and many followers.Max, I also find it amusing that you forget to note how the class differences on the left would be enshrined. You keep talking about the "left", but let me let you in on a secret, that left was exclusionary as hell. Public Citizen had rich, white interns who could afford to be paid those miserable salaries, excluding many who could have expanded the movement. From NARAL to the Sierra Club, they all became havens for the rich. I applied for a job at the Audibon Society and got a plea for donations with my rejection letter. Who does that?You laud these groups, but forget what they did. They shifted the discussion on the left from civil rights to toasters. They embraced the consumer economy and sought to perfect it, while the working class was slowly being screwed.Then you talk about the anti-war protests. You mean the embarassing ones run by ANSWER, which alienated more people than gained their support.Meetings? You mean like the Greens had? They were good at talking and bad at doing.I think what you resent about the "Internet Left" is that they get things done.  The Greens can't get past the city council level. Chris Bowers got millions of dollars to win races. Which might actually change people's lives and not end up in a circle jerk discussion.What I think you are blind to is that you admired the organized, New Left, where people had rules and read books and marched. Instead of the "Internet left" which actually empowers people to participate in politics. You would think that someone on the left would be excited by that, and you would want to encourage it.The New Left failed. It was only when people embraced political power did changes really happen. The "Internet left" empowers people to act on their own or with others, with no "leader" to direct them. One would think that real people power, not just the crap tossed about in meetings, would be exciting. <> politics
Libby on trial <> Libby on trial.FDL and the Huffington Post are doing daily coverage of the Libby trial. Which is of minimal interest to me with Iraq at full boil but this is funny.           Libby Trial Jury Selection:  Day One Recap of Libbys Dilemma                         By: Pachacutec              "I am completely without objectivity.  There is nothing you can say that would make me feel positively about President Bush."* Thus spake the eighth of nine prospective jurors reviewed by Judge Reggie Walton, Prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald and defense attorneys Ted Wells and William Jeffress today.  She had indicated on her juror form she had some strong opinions about the Bush administration, and, queried in her turn by Judge Walton, she cast her eye over all assembled in the courtroom and declared herself. "So, you are saying you do not believe you could render a fair and impartial verdict in this case, based on the evidence and according to my instructions to the jury prior to deliberations?," Judge Walton followed. "That's right," she responded, whereupon she was immediately excused from jury duty. The juror who preceded her took a bit longer, with much questioning and circling around questioning by Mr. Wells, before confessing that, though he would like to think otherwise, it is likely the case that his opinion of Vice President Cheney's credibility is so low that, were sworn testimony offered by Cheney to be contradicted by another witness, the prospective juror would be hard pressed not the feel predisposed to find the vice president unbelievable.  This juror, of the nine reviewed today, actually knew the most about the backstory of the case, even to the point of naming Richard Armitage as the first to leak Valerie Plame's identity as a CIA agent.  To assess the tenor of the news coverage this juror had previously read, Ted Wells asked this juror if he reads blogs.  "Yes," he replied.  "Which ones?" asked Wells.  "Andrew Sullivan.  Time.  Wonkette.  Powerline, occasionally, and the Huffington Post, occasionally (hello to you, dude!). . . Some of them are pretty good. I stay away from the crazies. The media room erupted in laughter, as I took a seated bow. He was excused from the jury for his admission that he could not assure the court his assessment of the vice president would not color his thinking about testimony and evidence. Therein lies the challenge for Team Libby:  of the nine jurors reviewed in depth today, three were excused.  Two I've described to you, and one was excused due to the demands on her time of her work commitments as a free lance contractor paying the rent month to month.  What's telling is this:  no jurors were excused for cause based on any predispositions that might prejudice them against the prosecution.  Just the defense. Libby has a war problem, and though this case is narrowly about felony charges of obstruction of justice and perjury, wherein the case for war in Iraq provides only the setting, the unavoidable drama and context of this case is the case made for war in Iraq and the credibility of this administration, and in particular, the Office of the Vice President.  The national polls are what they are.  The president is wildly unpopular and growing more so with his every subsequent utterance; Dick Cheney is even less popular than President Bush.  The public overwhelmingly is rejecting the administration's policies and reluctantly coming to the conclusion that, at best, the administration innocently provided bad information to the country, but is intransigent in the face of developing reality.  And through all this, to attempt to get a fair trial, Team Libby must scratch to find jurors without strong opinions or preconceptions on these matters, in Washington, DC, of all places (more than one potential juror, when asked if they had heard or read of any controversy alleging the administration had provided the country with bad information in making its case for war, replied, "In this town?  Are you kidding?"). The Libby team's jury selection strategy seems rather clear:  if they can find at least one, and preferably two, people who are among that 12% of the population in support of the administration's "surge" strategy to escalate the war in the Middle East, that would be golden.  Two such people, or at least one, could possibly hold out against what otherwise might be a consensus to convict, possibly even nullifying the jury, if it came to that.  Generally, the demographics that hurt the administration hurt the defense team:  women (especially single women), minorities, working people or union members, liberal professionals, etc.  The problem for team Libby is, their best jurors live in Salt Lake City, not Washington, DC. Patrick Fitzgerald has a reputation for not making a big fuss over jurors during jury selection, and he lived up (down?) to that reputation today.  He is mostly content to take people at their word if they say they believe they can render a fair and impartial judgment based on the evidence and according to the Judge's instructions.  He seems most likely to verify that those with previous experience or exposure to the criminal justice system (as victims of crime, or who have family members of those who are policeman, etc.) believe they possess no strong biases or opinions based on those connections or experiences that might render them unable to deliberate in good faith.  He can also be slyly charming.  As one woman mentioned she has three children, Fitzgerald responded, "I take it these are young children?"  Instantly, and with a southern twang, the woman countered, "Oh, aren't you sweet!" The Libby team is far more intent and active in its questioning of potential jurors.  Beyond probing about any preconceptions potential jurors might possess related to the administration or the vice president, Wells and Jeffress seem regularly to ask about people's opinions of Tim Russert.  Clearly, they seem worried about anyone who might be predisposed to think so highly of Russert that, when the time comes for his testimony to contradict Libby's statements, prospective jurors may reflexively side with Russert.  Team Libby furthermore seems very concerned about the news accounts people have read, as is understandable, given the profile of this case.  What's more, Libby's lawyers regularly ask pro forma questions about the possibility of forgetting things, and about the possibility that different accounts of past events could be due to bad recollections held in good faith.  Their questions are so mundane, however, it seems to me as if they are just using the questions to presell their case, a foretaste of the closing  defense argument. In the end, there will be a jury empaneled, and though the pace of juror review slogged along slowly today, the people at the courthouse seem to think we'll be done by Thursday.  If today is any indication, the best Team Libby can hope for would be jurors who can give them a fair shake, enough of whom may have enough trust and faith in the president and the vice president to trust that their ex-employee, Irving "Scooter" Libby, is telling the truth.  Today's jurors don't seem to show signs of being among those true believers in the administration's aggressive war policies, but then again, you never know with a jury, and people can and do surprise you. Tomorrow, we go through another round of jury selection, and we'll know more about the potential jury pool.  Stay tuned to the Firedoglake  and the Huffington Post  for liveblogging and daily coverage. <> law
Bush will lose the country <> Bush will lose the country.I haven't really had much to say about Bush, lately, reposting the thoughts of others. Because to be honest, I've said this from 2003 and seeing it play out like some horrible dream is no shock.Even the threats about Iran have been on DK for six months.But I think Wednesday's speech scared the shit out of a lot of people. If he had left Iran out of it, well, it would have just sucked. But that extra bit of neocon wingnuttery, attack Iran for no clear reason? Well, that made a few people shit their pants.What our foul, corrupt punditocracy misses is that Bush is losing the people who went along. He may keep 25 percent, but as this goes on, and Odierno and Petraeus recreate the DeLattre Line in Baghdad, and the casualities mount, the people who vote against escalation today, will be voting for impeachment tomorrow.Bush refuses to listen or alter his plans, even when they fail. Trying to scare Iran after they've had four years to plan how to fuck US troops over with as few fingerprints as possible is just stupid. What if Sistani just says fuck it and calls for a jihad against the US? That is a card he does not want to play, but he isn't going to let Bush bomb Qom either. Bush and his team are simpletons. Sistani will protect Shia Islam, at any price.It's not like they can send a 500lb bomb through his door.Too many people think we control events in Iraq. I want to smack Odierno when he says it will take years. I wanted to punch some idiot babling about moving US troops to Kurdistan? As if the Turks will allow them to resupply. We control nothing.Bush is in this mess because Rove has always acted as if they were the majority. Now that they are not, Rice sounds like a simpleton. Hagel was PISSED today.A couple of years ago, Larry Eagleburger said, long time GOP factorum Eagleburger said, if Bush moves on Iran, it will be time for impeachment.When you look at the plan itself, it's fucking insane.The idea of housing US and Iraqi troops in the same buildings may seem like a good idea, until the frags start flying and the Mahdi Army makes their 3 AM attack. If you're lucky, the frags won't be coming from inside.27 strongpoints for guerrillas to mortar every night.  Jesus. I think if the day comes when Sistani or even Sadr says it's on, a lot of Americans are gonna die in their own bases.But, in the end, I think America has had enough. Sending the Guard back is an insane political mistake. Two tours for part-time solders?ABC's Erin Hayes is an especially stupid woman. She interviews soldiers wives and gets vague answers. Duh. Their husband's careers would be ruined if they told the truth. God, interview some anonymously and see what they say. This is destroying families. They know people getting divorces, the fucked up discharges. And they will never tell you the truth unless you protect them.However, I think Bush will lose the country, and eventually leave in disgrace because his plan will fail. It will fail badly and bloodily and he will be exposed as the weak little man he is and we will not have long to wait. <> politics
No spanking <> No spanking.             Anti-spanking: Jordan Riak, a retired teacherwho calls his 25-year campaign against corporalpunishment and spanking his "life work."           (Kevin Kerr / For the Times)A spanking ban: are we gonna get it?Parents say lawmaker's plan to outlaw hitting children under 4 smacks of the nanny state.By Nancy Vogel, Times Staff WriterJanuary 20, 2007SACRAMENTO  Assemblywoman Sally Lieber hit a nerve when she mused publicly this week about making it illegal for parents to strike children younger than 4.The Bay Area Democrat hasn't introduced a bill yet, but critical calls and e-mails  including some personal attacks  have flooded her offices since her local newspaper wrote about her intention.Unbowed, Lieber said she would introduce a bill next week to make California the first state to make the hitting of a toddler or baby a crime. Language was still being drafted, but Lieber was considering making a violation a misdemeanor, punishable by up to a year in county jail."It would get us out of the ridiculous situation of having our law saying there's justifiable beating of children," Lieber said, "in the midst of a society where we say we value children and protect them."Readers of the San Jose Mercury News blasted the idea  "Although I don't believe in spanking, I sure do not need some media-grubbing politician to tell me how to raise my kids," wrote one  but Lieber said she was confident that she would win Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger's support.In a Mercury News interview Thursday, Schwarzenegger described how as a child he "got smacked about everything" by his father, but has never spanked his own four children. He questioned how such a law could be enforced, but said he understood the desire to "get rid of the physical, the brutal behavior that some parents have."Answering questions after delivering a healthcare speech Friday to Los Angeles business leaders, Schwarzenegger said he and his wife, Maria Shriver, quickly found that threatening to ground their children to do schoolwork worked well. "We can discipline the kids  without hitting," he said.Schwarzenegger's native Austria banned corporal punishment of children in 1989. Fifteen other nations have done so, most in Europe, according to the nonprofit Center for Effective Discipline in Columbus, Ohio. California is one of 29 states that ban corporal punishment in schools. Most states  including California  ban physical discipline in child-care settings.Nadine A. Block, a former school psychologist who 25 years ago began pushing for an end to paddling in schools, said a Wisconsin lawmaker unsuccessfully sought 15 years ago to make all hitting of children illegal. A similar effort failed last year in Massachusetts, she said.But the narrower scope of Lieber's bill and California's progressive tendency give it better odds of success, said Block, executive director of the Center for Effective Discipline."Most people know you should not hit babies and babies do not know right from wrong," she said. "Babies you have to distract, remove, supervise, protect."Lieber's proposal promises to draw national media attention like that triggered in 1994 when then-Assemblyman Mickey Conroy, an Orange County Republican, proposed paddling juvenile graffiti vandals with an 18-by-6-inch wooden paddle. Conroy was sought by dozens of radio talk shows and TV news programs to talk about his bill, which was defeated in committee. Conroy died in 2005.Lieber said she has gotten plenty of encouragement  including from prosecutors  but Mercury News readers rejected the idea in e-mails posted on the newspaper's website."The day that the [government] gives birth to my children, then they have a right to raise them," wrote Esther. "Till then they are mine to do with as I please. I will raise them the way I see fit. If I think that those little butts need a swat  I will be the one to give it to them."Having seen the way some people fetishize violence against their own children, this is a good idea. Sure, a slight tap for a toddler running towards traffic is hardly a crime, but a lot of people need a reminder that they might want to use other methods with their kids.We weren't spanked as kids, my mother wasn't spanked. We didn't turn into criminals. <> story
We're playing you <> We're playing you.Yes, we need guns so we can ethnically cleanseBaghdadGive us guns  and troops can go, says Iraqi leaderStephen Farrell in BaghdadAmericas refusal to give Baghdads security forces sufficient guns and equipment has cost a great number of lives, the Iraqi Prime Minister said yesterday.Nouri al-Maliki said the insurgency had been bloodier and prolonged because Washington had refused to part with equipment. If it released the necessary arms, US forces could drastically cut their numbers in three to six months, he told The Times.In a sign of the tense relations with Washington, he chided the US for suggesting his Government was living on borrowed time. Such criticism boosted Iraqs extremists, he said, and was more a reflection of some kind of crisis situation in Washington after the Republicans midterm election losses. Mr al-Maliki conceded that his administration had made mistakes over the hanging of Saddam Hussein. But he refused to accept all criticism over the execution. When asked about the Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodis attack on Iraqs capital punishment laws, Mr al-Maliki cited the Italians summary killing of Benito Mussolini and his stringing-up from a lamppost.Asked how long Iraq would require US troops, Mr al-Maliki said: If we succeed in implementing the agreement between us to speed up the equipping and providing weapons to our military forces, I think that within three to six months our need for American troops will dramatically go down. That is on condition that there are real, strong efforts to support our military forces and equipping and arming them. <> story
Pointless <> Pointless.Who are their bosses?U.S. Unit Patrolling Baghdad Sees Flaws in Bush StrategyBy Sudarsan RaghavanWashington Post Foreign ServiceFriday, January 12, 2007; A01...............The day after his speech, the soldiers of Apache Company went on a mission to the volatile neighborhood of Hurriyah that underscored the challenges confronting U.S. troops as they attempt to clear neighborhoods of sectarian fighters and keep them that way under Iraqi control.Across Baghdad, Iraq's mostly Shiite security forces have proved unable to keep neighborhoods secure on their own. Sunni Arabs deeply mistrust the army and police, viewing them as a sectarian weapon of the Shiite-led government. Iraqi army commanders say their soldiers lack training and equipment, while some U.S. officials worry that Iraq's troops are too dependent on their American counterparts and will become even more so with the expected surge.The Stryker rolled through the mud of Camp Liberty and made its way to Hurriyah, a mostly Shiite area nestled west of the Tigris River. Apache Company's mission: to search a few houses for weapons caches based on intelligence reports. Caldwell and his soldiers worried about the intelligence they had been given. It had come from an Iraqi army -- or "IA," in U.S. soldier lingo -- officer a week ago. They wondered whether they were being set up for an ambush."It's a joke," said Pfc. Drew Merrell, 22, of Jefferson City, Mo., shaking his head and flashing a smile as the Stryker rolled through Baghdad."They feed us what they want," said Spec. Josh Lake, 26, of Ventura, Calif., referring to the intelligence. "I guarantee that everyone in the city knows where we're going. Because the IA told them. The only thing they don't know is how big a force we're coming with."On this morning, 22 U.S. soldiers were in the Stryker convoy along with one Iraqi interpreter, whom the soldiers called Joey. He didn't want his real name used for security reasons."Pretty soon the Shiites will be tired of our presence, just like the Sunnis," said Lake, noting that the squad now makes almost daily trips to Hurriyah."The general feeling among us is we're not really doing anything here," Caldwell said. "We clear one neighborhood, then another one fires up. It's an ongoing battle. It never ends.""We're constantly being told that it's not our fight. It is their fight," said Sgt. Jose Reynoso, 24, of Yuma, Ariz., speaking of the Iraqi army. "But that's not the case. Whenever we go and ask them for guys, they almost always say no, and we have to do the job ourselves.""You do have corruption problems among the ranks," said Sgt. Justin Hill, 24, of Abilene Tex., the squad leader. "I don't know what they can do about that. They have militias inside them. They are pretty much everywhere.""The intel they give us and the intel we get are two different things," Lake said.Caldwell, as he listened to the conversation, leaned his head back and said:"I want to go back and play my PlayStation." <> story
A simple question <> A simple question.What happens if the Iraqi Shia take an attack on Iran as an attack on them? <> politics
Mr. Sulu Phasers Tim Hardaway <> Mr. Sulu Phasers Tim Hardaway.Okay, Jen here.  I'm on Safari on a public machine so I can't text up my stuff in purple as ususal--don't see the text color thing here.  Anyway, enjoy and comment away. <> misc
Good luck, Jane <> Good luck, Jane.Jane Hamsher is going into the hospital for her third bout with breast cancer.Jen and I wish her luck, because no matter how brave your face, it's scary to face that.I'll be posting on FDL over the weekend. <> misc
Simple point <> Simple point.Opposing the war is not a "left" position.It is an American position <> misc
Time to serve <> Time to serve.(Thaier al-Sudani/Reuters)This was sent to warmonger Peter Beinhart. I think he deserves a flood of these letters myselffrom Operation Yellow Elephant    to pbeinart@cfr.org subject Have you considered volunteering for military service yourself?  Dear Mr. Beinart:   Thank you for your strong support of continued U.S. military intervention in Iraq.  We have a few questions for you.  We would like to publish your answers on our blog.   Are you a veteran?  [If so, thank you for your service.]  Although it's highly unlikely that you are in ROTC/OCS/something similar, if you are, we thank you for your commitment.  Have you applied for military service, but were not accepted?  [If so, thank you for stepping forward.]  Do you know that you are not eligible to serve?  [If so, please let us know that one fact, and we won't contact you again.]    Otherwise, it would appear that you are eligible to serve in our military.  Have you considered it?  What resulted from those deliberations?  Don't you think that someone who advocates military intervention has an obligation at least to consider volunteering personally?    If you have addressed this issue in your columns or elsewhere on the record, we would welcome links.  [If you would like to keep something not-for-publication, please use brackets as I am doing with this sentence.]  Thank you very much.    Sincerely,   Karl Olson Operation Yellow Elephant <> misc
Despite total ignorance, I support this idea <> Despite total ignorance, I support this idea.Giuliani and KerikGiuliani and Broken Windowsby HarveyMilk [Subscribe]Thu Jan 18, 2007 at 06:50:01 PM PSTIn an ongoing series, I want to post diaries that piss off those who cling to the "conventional wisdom" of this site.  Not just for the sake of pissing people off (that's an added bonus), but to get us to think.I support the "Broken Windows" theory of law enforcement, and I support how Giuliani carried it out.  It was necessary.  It was effective.I don't care if a Republican did it.  New York is the better for it, and the whole country would be, too.  So there.On a national level, we Democrats were in the opposition forever.  But, opposition is one thing.  All you have to do is cry foul and profess a love of America.  We're good at that.  But now, we have power.  And all signs point to us having even more power in 2008.So, the time for righteous rants is over.  Let's get to policy.  That's were you can get into some trouble!I live in an inner-ring suburb of Detroit, and I work in the City of Detroit (all in Wayne County, Michigan - the third bluest county in the country).  John Conyers is my rep.  I am (in my heart of hearts) a Democratic Socialist, and not simply a "Democrat," just like Martin Luther King, Jr.At the same time, I support law enforcement taking the "Broken Windows" approach.  Is being a "Democratic Socialist" and being an advocate of "Broken Windows" policing a dichotomy?  No.  I'll attempt to explain why.A couple of days ago, I emerged from my concrete bunker of an office building to take my lunch (I'm a legal assistant).  I encountered a man shitting on a public sidewalk.  I gave him a look of disdain.  He looked at me like I'd done something wrong!In his defense, he appeared to be homeless and desperate.  The good leftist in me knows that that isn't all his fault. And, every business in the CBD has signs posted saying "Restrooms are for Customers ONLY."But, I couldn't help but think, if it were me, I'd find an alley, a place behind the dumpster to relieve myself.  I wouldn't shit in front of everyone, and I wouldn't dare act like someone else had a problem if I were moving my bowels on public sidewalk.Detroit struggles anyway with its national reputation.  And we currently have the NAIAS in town. You would think law enforcement would stop things like public defocation.  But no.  I walked for six blocks to my destination, hoping that, along the way, I could hip a cop to the fact that someone was dropping the kids off in a public square.  Get the guy some help.  But, no member of law enforcement was to be found.I think it will take a good, strong-minded Democrat to fix problems like this.  A Republican looks cruel enforcing public decency - a Democrat wouldn't.  Maybe a "Nixon Goes to China" thing, on the domestic tip.To be clear, I'm not looking for a "blame the victim" solution, but I AM looking for a "quality of life" solution.I care very much about the downtrodden in our society.  I want to invest in mental health.  But I don't want to watch someone take a shit in public on my way to get my lunch. And I damn sure won't put up with the shitter getting aggressive toward me.  Fuck that, with no equivocation.And where I am, we have only Democrats to blame.Do you know anything other than Giuliani propeganda about Broken Windows or are you a racist who doesn't respect the constitution? You can be either. But Broken Windows failed.This is the theory famously expounded by James Q. Wilson and George L. Kelling in an article entitled Broken Windows: The Police and Neighborhood Safety, which appeared in Atlantic Monthly in March 1982. They make the consequences of small-scale neglect very clear and very direct:A piece of property is abandoned, weeds grow up, a window is smashed. Adults stop scolding rowdy children; the children, emboldened, become more rowdy. Families move out, unattached adults move in. Teenagers gather in front of the corner store. The merchant asks them to move; they refuse. Fights occur. Litter accumulates. People start drinking in front of the grocery; in time, an inebriate slumps to the sidewalk and is allowed to sleep it off. Pedestrians are approached by panhandlers.The theory was that if you arrested people for small crimes, they wouldn't commit big ones.However, crime in New York had already been going down because of community policing, where the police worked with the locals. Giuliani, who's antipathy towards blacks was noted, turned broken windows into a policy which led to extrajudicial murder.What Broken Windows did was increase the number of blacks and latinos in the system for minor things like drinking outside, while whites would never be stopped, much less arrested for such activity. At one point, 80 percent of New York's black and latino males had been stopped and frisked. One particular opponent of Giuliani was illegally arrested 26 times.But the consequences of Broken Windows created a racial divide which has never been truly healed.Abner LouimaLouima was attending a nightclub in Brooklyn when police approached him and then arrested him. He was then taken into the bathroom, raped and had his rectum destroyed by a plunger.Amadou DialloDiallo was coming home at 2 AM after getting a sandwich from the local deli. Four police stopped him and fired 41 shots at him. No gun was found, no evidence of a crime found. The police officers were aquitted by an Albany County jury, forever casting a pall over relations between the NYPD and the African American community. Extrajudicial murder usually does. The city settled with the Diallo family for several million dollars.Patrick DorismondGetting off of work after a couple of drinks in a bar, he's approached by an undercover police officer. After a scuffle, he is murdered on the street by the NYPD. He had no gun, there was no evidence of any crime committed. The case is not prosecuted. His family settles for several million dollars.This was the outcome of Giuliani's broken windows policing, innocents harassed, others extrajudicially tortured and murdered, a gross violation of civil rights.Instead of looking to police solutions, why not work with the community to provide services for the homeless and petty criminals. People shouldn't have to die for reaching their wallet <> story
Silicone <> Silicone.Lars Klove for The New York TimesHot StuffBy MARIAN BURROSPublished: January 10, 2007SILICONE kitchen tools have been lending a playful, psychedelic air to kitchens across the country, especially those where stark, sophisticated stainless steel had been the coin of the realm. The new tools appear in colors from electric green and royal purple to sweetheart pink and terra cotta and come in every shape imaginable.Until about a decade ago, Americans knew silicone, a synthetic rubber, mainly from Silly Putty and, more controversially, from breast implants. But in recent years cooks have been deluged with silicone spatulas, cake pans, muffin tins, potholders, colanders and ties.Clearly, the designers are having a ball. And so are the manufacturers and retailers of housewares. According to HomeWorld Business, a magazine that serves the housewares industry, silicone products make up about 7 percent of the bakeware business. Sales of silicone bakeware for 2006 are expected to exceed 2.7 million units, up from 365,000 units in 2001, according to the magazine.Whats less clear is whether these products are as revolutionary in their use as they are in their appearance.After four days in the kitchen  ovens blasting, water boiling, microwave beeping  I have clear ideas about which pieces of silicone belong in my kitchen and which do not, even if I were starting from scratch. There were plenty of disappointments, but a lot of treats.Lets immediately dispense with a common myth about silicone baking pans, and a reason many people say they buy them: that they are nonstick and do not require greasing.Those who once believed this can tell you about partial layers of cake left behind and about muffin tops in hand and muffin bottoms left in the cup. Stick resistant is a better description.Michael Karyo, owner of SiliconeZone, which makes silicone cookware, agreed. If any silicone manufacturer says you never have to grease a pan, no matter, they are not telling you the truth, he said.Despite many magical qualities, silicone is not Teflon. (In light of some questions about Teflons safety, this can be seen as a plus.) It is also not all things to all people: like glass and aluminum, stainless steel and cast iron, it is the best choice for some tasks in the kitchen and not for others. Used as a potholder or as a baking surface for cookies, it has no equal. Used to peel garlic or to squeeze lemons, it is unclear why anyone would bother.The universally appealing qualities of silicone are its heat resistance; its flexibility, which allows you to fold it, flatten it and squish it into a drawer; its ease of washing; and its ability to go from oven or microwave to refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher (in most cases) and sometimes even to the dinner table, cutting down on the number and kinds of containers you need.Jen's mom bought me a silicone pot holder. It can do some amazing things. like flip a turkey. But it isn't exactly a precision instrument. I bought my sister silicone bakeware because she does a lot of it. The best stuff seems to be the flat sheets and the sil pats. <> misc
Sucker <> Sucker.Yeah, you're right, Mike, sez Joe, but aid formula staysBY MICHAEL SAUL and MICHAEL McAULIFFDAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERSWASHINGTON - Mayor Bloomberg's buddy Sen. Joseph Lieberman agreed yesterday that risk is the top factor in beefing up homeland security - but still wouldn't fix a formula that stiffs New York City.That was after Bloomberg testified before Lieberman's Homeland Security Committee in hopes of persuading the Connecticut independent to kill a formula that guarantees each state a minimum share of anti-terror funding."Time and time again, our calls for fully risk-based homeland security funding have been ignored," Bloomberg said. "Instead, we have seen huge sums of homeland security money spread across the country like peanut butter."Lieberman agreed New York is full of targets, but still contended small states like his need to guard against terrorists and deserve their peanut butter. "Everybody and everything is at risk in America," he said.By his definition, homeland security funding already is handed out mostly based on risk. But he said fighting over how the money is divided isn't the answer; instead, the government should give out more cash."It's unbelievable and outrageous that homeland security grant funding has been cut over 40% since 2004," Lieberman said. "If we begin to raise that back up . . . the city is going to get more money."My ass hurts from laughing.All that support you gave him, all that money you spent to reelect him?This is your thanks, Mike.Sucker <> story